I got 'new' tires from them and within two weeks got a flat. I took my car to a local mechanic to see if i could get the hole patched, but they said the reason I had a flat was because the previous patch had blown - WAIT, WHAT? I just got the tire and never needed to have it patched? This was supposed to be a new tire. \nI took the tire over to Flynn's and they told me that someone punctured my tire, then tried to patch it. So there are resentful tire slashers? I find that very unlikely. After arguing with the guy and telling him that his logic was far fetched he said he'd give me a new tire \"this time\". \nI will never go back to Flynn's b/c of the way this guy treated me and the simple fact that they gave me a used tire!
Don't waste your time.  We had two different people come to our house to give us estimates for a deck (one of them the OWNER).  Both times, we never heard from them.  Not a call, not the estimate, nothing.
Food was NOT GOOD at all! My husband & I ate here a couple weeks ago for the first time. I ordered a salad & basil pesto cream pasta & my husband ordered the spinach & feta pasta. The salad was just a huge plate of spring mix (nothing else in it) with WAY to much vinegar dressing. My lettuce was drowning in the vinegar. My pesto pasta had no flavor (did not taste like a cream sauce to me) & the pesto was so runny/watery & way too much sauce not enough noodles. My husband's pasta had even less flavor than mine. We ate about a quarter of the food & couldn't even finish it. We took it home & it was so bad I didn't even eat my leftovers. And I hate wasting food!! Plus the prices are expensive for the amount of food you get & of course the poor quality. Don't waste your time eating here. There are much better Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh.
Typical Starbucks coffee chain. 2 things I dont like about this Starbucks: \n\n1. Ive been there twice and both times the place has been dirty, compared to the other Starbucks I have been in.\n\n2. If you have to use the bathroom, they give you a key thats attached to this nasty bottle. Im pretty sure they dont clean that bottle after every use or even nightly.\n\nAside from that, good coffee and fast/friendly service.
Stopped by on a Mon evening after trying to dine at Smoke Taqueria which is closed Mondays. Parking on street in front or behind off Hay St. Super friendly bartender. In warmer months they have huge outdoor area & big screen & upstairs cornhole game area. Okay draft beer selection and big bottle selection. Tried the italian club which was really good - two of us split one. Also tried sweet potato fries - amazingly good! Home made chips w bleu were overpowered by sauce. Bathroom was in need of plaster and wall repairs & was grossed out by toilet brush/holder on a shelf near toilet at eye level. Bet it's a fun place in warmer months.
Microbrewed beers are only a plus to me when they're better than the beer I would have drank otherwise.  One waitress I had while there tried to split the uprights between macrobrew and trendy by describing one of their beers as \"kind of like Coors Light\".  If I wanted Coors, I'll pay half as much and have one.  \n\nThe food is actually a saving grace, as it was pretty good.  Head next door to Sing Sing for drinks, though.
This is literally the first place I went when I first came to Pittsburgh - and I loved it. Hearty, full-sized meals, lots to choose from, and not too crowded or noisy. Although, for the sake of full disclosure, I didn't sit at the bar and I don't drink alcohol so I can't comment on that. I go back to Pittsburgh often and Rock Bottom ends up being a good standby for a dinner and a movie kind of night. Really, I have no complaints about this place so I'm surprised by the few low ratings here.
Wast there last Friday. Seats right in front if the stage. The show was good. The headliner, while a bit long, was good. Fantastic service from our waitresses. Will definitely go back.
Great Barnes and Noble location, and they have plenty of books that'll help you pass the time.
This place was pretty good food, but the service however was just horrible. As a friend said they hire for looks, not work ethic. Plus the fact that it took forty minutes just to get a couple appetizers was ridiculous. Our server seemed more interested in the table full of girls than actually waiting on us. The couple behind us came in the same time and wasn't even attended too until after OUR appetizers were being cleared off. \n\nThe food was pretty good, but because of the service I won't be returning.
This place is kind of a hybrid of Applebee's and CPK, which isn't to say it's bad, but nothing to rave about either. I got their slider meal, which was tiny (for me) and my friend got their steak (which was way tiny). The food was fine and the service was okay, but really felt like an Applebee's knockoff (and Applebee's isn't even worth knocking-offing anyway). \n\n3 stars
I think the location in homestead has ruined this place. Dirty dirty dirty.\n\nBathrooms unkept, entry door handle and windows filthy\n\nPizza had too much sauce on it and was drenched. Server was coarse, not refined\n\nServing items were old and rusty. Temperature of food was not hot\n\nLow quality, but probably ok with pittsburgher s
Last week was my first visit to this place. The raspberry tea was amazing. We got the app sampler,  it was very good except for the homemade guacamole. I ordered a side salad, hardly any dressing on it, and not very fresh. I ordered the stuffed chicken with broccoli & grilled vegetables.  Waited along time for the entr\u00e9e.  The chicken was good but a small portion.  The broccoli & veggies were water logged. Lots of water on the plate. Tried my friends fried shrimp, it was good with good flavor. Might have just been who was in the kitchen that night so I would give it another shot.
I hate this place.\nIt's very loud, the service is very poor, and the food is so-so.\nIf you want good Chinese in Pittsburgh, try China Palace (Shadyside) or Sesame Inn (Station Square or North Hills).  They're quieter, with very good food & service.
First, this is a big chain - not my favorite type of eatery.  For me, four stars is max for this type of establishment for the simple reason that no one has license to create anything truly unique...\n\nHowever!  The Chilean Sea Bass Marinated in Oolong Tea is freakin' fantastic!  10+\n\nNow - everyone was happy with their meals and let me tell you it was a ridiculously busy night, servers were threading their way through patrons waiting to be seated and our service was very good.\n\nI've been to PFC Vegas and PFC NYC - our Homestead PFC definitely beats them both.  So many great little places to try in the 'Burgh, but I wouldn't resist going back to this particular PFC.
This is by far my favorite Panera location in the Pittsburgh area. Friendly, plenty of room to sit, and good quality food & coffee. Panera is a great place to hang out and read the news - they even have free WiFi! Try their toasted sandwiches, especially the chicken bacon dijon.
Very very good chain family restaurant. I had their yellowfin tuna steak shanghai style and it was great. Service was excellent and the party of 5 I was with swore they could eat there every week as the menu was extremely diverse. It's hard for me to give a chain 5/5 but this is pretty close.
Good. One of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. Went yesterday with family and enjoyed oysters(very fresh). I always like appetizers more than their entrees
This place is amazing!!! Jim is a great artist!!! Traveled all the way from Tampa just to get my tattoo!!! I would recommend this place to everyone!!!
This cafe's espresso drinks are on par with the best artisinal coffee houses anywhere.  I always go out of my way to get coffee from here when I'm in Pittsburgh.
I love Tazza D'oro! It is in such a great little area and is a nice place to spend some time with a delicious cup of coffee.\n\nIt it sometimes busy and hard to find a table (which is not surprising since it's a great spot), but I like the neighborhood feel and the staff has always been very friendly.\n\nI usually get iced Americanos in the summer and regular coffee or lattes in the cooler weather. All of the drinks I have ever had here have been tasty. I have also had some of the pastries (and maybe a bagel at some point?) and everything has been fresh.\n\nI'm a big lover of coffee shops and this place fits all of my requirements. While I don't live in Highland Park, it's definitely worth an occasional trip.
Pass on this place, there are better restaurants mere feet away.\n\nThe menu here is too large, which is a sure sign none of the food is going to be good.  And, its not good.  Some of the salads are alright, but its just not good food.\n\nThe service is friendly and prompt, but the beer is over priced.  They do have a good selection though.\n\nThis place is open late if you need a bite to eat, but there are so much better options out there.
Wings are overpriced. And the quality of them are bad. They were tough and greasy. The staff are pleasant but then over all experience was too expensive for a sports bar.
The decor is nothing fancy but the food is surprisingly good (and fresh). I've gotten takeout and eaten at the buffet. Both good for the price - it's inexpensive.
The hot and sour soup was ok. Everything else was basically inedible. Water was not noticeably hose-y as per other reviews. More than 1/4 of the buffet was american food, and a lot of the rest was seafood that almost had to be \"krab\", considering the price of the buffet. No pot-stickers, no pork egg rolls, no spareribs, no won-ton soup.
The first time I came here, I waited in line for 20 minutes.  When it was my turn, I realized I left my wallet in the car.  It hurt so bad, I didn't come back for a year.\n\nI can walk to this place from my house- which is dangerous because those biscuits are just OH SO DREAMY.  I can't describe them.  Just get some.\n\nDo I feel guilty about noshing on fabulous Strawberry Napoleons and Jewish Pizza (kind of like a modified, yet TOTALLY delicious fruitcake bar) at 10:15am?  Hecks, naw... But they do have quiche and some other breakfast-y items for those who prefer a more traditional approach to your stomach's opening ceremony.\n\nJust go early :)  They open at 10 on Saturdays.  And bring cash...it's easier that way.
So I went back to Casbah for dinner and was totally underwhelmed. The granola I had for brunch (in my previous review) was better than my entire dinner put together. The service was better at dinner then at brunch, but the food made my rating drop from five stars (probably a little generous) to three stars. Definitely go for brunch! But it's not worth the money for dinner. Mediocre food in a nice atmosphere with good service is still mediocre food...
Had a very lack-luster Mother's Day brunch at Casbah yesterday. Despite having a very late reservation time of 2:30 p.m., we were seated in the dungeon-like basement dining room. I asked for tables upstairs in the daylight but there was allegedly no way to accommodate my request. Worst part about the basement is the thumping from the sub-woofer located above -- really ridiculous. Service was fine. Timing of drinks and first brunch course were acceptable given it was a busy day, but then gap of 35+ minutes for entrees left us all sitting there, not enjoying the dark of the basement nore the perpetually thumping base. An utterly forgettable mother's day brunch (luckily she took it in stride) but I think Casbah will not be at the top of the list in my book for quite awhile.
This is a well run restaurant with great food, great consistency and excellent service.  We were sitting on the patio and the angle of the sun changed to shine right in our eyes, but the waiter was able to quickly move us to a better table.  I highly recommend the cheese plate, it is probably the best in Pittsburgh.  The Arugula Salad is delicious.  So is the Alaskan Halibut.  You really can't go wrong with Casbah.
To be honest, I feel that this is one of the most overpriced restaurants in the entire city. The food is average to good, the place is beautiful with outdoor seating, but in my opinion the price is just not worth it. They have a really good happy hour, so I would definitely recommend going to that and maybe trying an appetizer or two.
Stopped here for drinks before we went on to dinner elsewhere. In hindsight, we wish we had stayed here. :-)\n\nWe had a couple of great beers and just enjoyed the excellent music soundtrack before we moved on to our next designation. I hope to come back here sometime in the future and actually have...a meal. I like this funkier part of town.
Maybe I am just the most jaded vegan in town; Quiet Storm's food menu bores me to tears, that which I will use to salt my own mediocre cooking at home! Their coffee isn't all that great either, as given the choice, local La Prima is in my favor. Tears. This is the only vegetarian restaurant on the East side of town, and oh so close to me, but I cannot stand to go there. Desperate times now call for toast and tea served by the sad server that resides within my depressed little dining room.
right by my house, spicy peanut and cheesy snake are amazing.
I'm going to revise my review of Quiet Storm.\n\nYou may get lucky and find yourself faced with an awesome rendering of a fabulously-designed vegetarian sandwich. In my experience, however (considering the 30+ Cubanos I've eaten there), you're more likely to get a sad, mediocre rendition.\n\nConsistency is not their strong point.\n\nAdd to that the likelihood that you may be dosed with some surly owner attitude, and I've decided to steer clear.\n\nIt's a shame that I no longer feel it's worth it to chase the beautiful dream of my first meals at Quiet Storm. It's also a shame that many of their staff are wonderful, friendly, and helpful, and yet their efforts are overshadowed.\n\nSorry, Quiet Storm. As a Pittsburgh vegetarian, I want to love you. But you broke my heart.
Love this place! The decor inside is really cool.\n\nI'm not from the area but I try to stop in every time I'm traveling through. So many great veg options and great drinks.
It's cheap, I'll say that, but otherwise it's bland food served by workers who mostly don't seem to notice they're working, and when they do, only respond snarkily. There are many better vegetarian and vegan options to choose from.
Our favorite place to go for chocolate peanut butter soy milkshakes. We've been for breakfast, lunch, and dinner and everything we've gotten has been incredibly delicious. Love this place!
Refused to take my cat, which had passed away, for cremation cause I had not been to the clinic previously. IMHO that's ridiculous. I will not recommended anyone to ever come here.
I'm definitely a fan of East End Food Co-op.  Their produce is always very fresh and of really high quality-it keeps really well once you get it home too, and while prices are slightly higher than an average grocery store, it's definitely worth it.  My favorite part of the Co-op is the bulk section-- it's a great way to buy items in the exact quanities you need rather than ending up with way more than you want!  The same goes for the spices--such a bargain!  The Juice bar has great smoothies and juices--they're a little pricier than I'm used to, but great for a bit of a splurge!
The products and service are great, but the prices are outrageous!\n\nI am on a vegan diet and have found this co-op really helpful. If you can get past the prices, the selection is great!
Worst climbing gym I have ever been to. Customer service was a joke. Wall appears as if a boy scout went ham with a few sheets of plywood back in the 80s and then did nothing since then. Holds are prehistoric and grimy. Setting is subpar. Insurance doesn't allow for people who can't belay to be belayed? Better off climbing the outside of the building for a good pump..
For 30 bucks a month, this is a pretty rad spot. I've climbed all over the US and Canada, but I'm happy to call this my home gym.
Service was okay, at best. I wouldn't go there again.  They quoted me at thousands of dollars of repairs for my car to pass inspection.  I took it somewhere else and had it done for a fraction of the quote.
The art museum is pretty nice; the carriage and car museum is cool; and it's neat to walk through the greenhouse.  Those are free.  However, nothing really separates the $12 house tour from other house tours.  Like the other ones, the docents don't focus on anything interesting, like history or the architecture or the building itself.  They focus on some family story that may only be of passing interest because the family is rich.  Kind of like hearing about Paris Hilton or the Kardashians.  B-o-r-i-n-g. And what kind of tourist attraction doesn't allow pictures?
Maybe I went on a bad night, but the service was stunningly bad.  Water glasses stayed empty for almost 15 minutes!  Ordered 5 dishes, all pretty average.  The tab:  $300+.  I won't be back.
I am a big fan of Max;;s for their local flair, real German food, and authentic Pittsburgh feeling. They did not sell out, are not overly commercialized, and should be supported for the long standing quality service to the city. Thanks, Max's.
At this point, I am done. I scheduled my kids for the last 2 weeks in August and then due to an emergency, I had to cancel, which I did a month before their camp was to start. I was told they were issuing my refund, and that was 3 weeks ago. THREE WEEKS and i still dont have it. I live probably 30 minutes from the museum and could have driven there 63838484848485858 times by now and picked it up. Its just sooo unprofessional and annoying. They need to get their office together and deliver refunds in a timely manner. 7-10 business days are fine but 3 WEEKS is UNACCEPTABLE for it to not have even been MAILED YET. So dissapointed and will never use them again.
OK so another winner in this neighborhood besides Nicky's.  The Penna Parma was outstanding and the Parm crusted salmon over whole wheat artichoke ravioli with a white basil sauce on special tonight was a great combo and wonderfully executed.  Katie our server was professional AND personable and only added to our outstanding meal.....then there were the Pittsbugh natives seated nearby who were friendly and delightful to visit with.   WOW what a place.  The only downside is that its a little tight inside and a little loud but don't let that stop you!  Well worth the trip!
Those who know, know this is the place to buy your cases of beer. The prices are low and the tax is included in the price tag, but the best reason to shop here is Sam. He is a character, knows a lot about beer and is a really nice guy.  First time we stopped by, he invited us into his shop and stock area and we talked for quite a while before departing with some real good beer.  Sam Caruso has a story for almost every occasion and  the beer to match each occasion. A real Pittsburgh place.
This Giant Eagle maybe the worst supermarket I've ever been to. There are thugs hanging out by the entrance and in the parking lot. The interior is dark and dank and has an outdated \"made in the 70s\" feel. With options like this I don't have a problem taking the extra time to drive to Trader Joe's.
The only reason to shop here is that going anywhere else is out of your way. The prices our worse than other GE stores and I wonder why. The produce is not very fresh and the meats never looks good . The store never looks very clean. I was hopeful a couple of years ago when the store was refurbished and it was nicer for a while but now it's back to it's old ways. I have friends that refuse to go there because of the scary parking lot where people sell \"things\" out of their cars and at the driveway exit. If there is outside cameras, the Pgh police should take a look. I wish there was an alternative to shop in the northside. Kuhns off Brighton rd is about the same except the prices are better.
This is a small, franchise-owned location that caters to the predominantly low income households in the area. Selection is quite limited throughout the store with limited quantities on the shelf of the items they do carry. Because of the area in which it is located, the store is NOT 24-hours as most Giant Eagle's seem to be. \n\nThe pharmacy inside the store, unlike the store itself, is corporate owned, and it's staff is friendly and efficient. A stark contrast to the rest of the store.\n\nOnce again reflecting the relatively low income of the area this store serves, there will be one of more jitney's (unlicensed cabs, effectively) waiting outside the store willing to take you and your groceries home for a small fee. \n\nIn general, if you CAN shop somewhere else, you will probably want to.
This place is great! The wait, pushy counter person, and unattended children are an easy overlook when I finally leave with the best fill and nail art I've ever had! Lisa was super quick, had me drying in less than 15 minutes of sitting down in her chair! I found the nail art I wanted (she copied it perfectly, by the way) on pintrest, but just as I sat down, my phone died. She pulled out her charger, AND CHARGED MY PHONE. Where else has anyone done this? Nowhere. Lisa actually made conversation, and she was easy to understand. I will be back in two weeks for another fill! \n\nJust a heads up, go early, if you can, as it gets closer to close, more and more people line up. :) it's so worth the wait, though!!
still the best (and for me, the only) professional football team in the world...
This conservative POS rag makes faux news look like NPR. You got Scaife, himself pumping ten million a year from his own pocket to keep the paper up and running. No one reads it, the Post Gazette is the REAL newspaper in this city.
I'm not a car girl and Lester couldn't have been more accommodating.  I needed an inspection and he was able to take me the same day I called.  He's open past 7pm so the evening hours make it convenient to pick up or drop off. \n\nVery honest and upfront about the work he did, too...typical Pittsburgher who knows his stuff. Labor was $70/hour and parts were cheaper than other places. Cost me $3 to have a break light replaced.  Couldn't have been happier with the quick, honest, convenient service.  Lester's the best!
Nick's used to be good with the previous owner, that all changed. Which is pretty sad.
Nick's has legit New York Style pizza.  It's dirt cheap too!
People and company make mistakes. \nThe owner personally took responsibility for the mistake and fixed the problem. \n\nThis shows they care about their customers and value the business!!
Tasty
you can't beat a fairly centrally-located grocery store that is open 24-7 BUTTT the smell in there is ughhh.  Years and years of spilled food / blood from the meat department and etc.    You get the picture .    The high-point is perhaps the hot foods that you can get over in the deli.-area.  Some really good \"soul-food\" .  Fried chicken, mashed potatoes, mac n cheese and etc... I will go out of my way for that stuff, sometimes ...
Another ugly haircut like everywhere in Pittsburgh. For $60 with the owner. Trusted the reviews, but now look like a Pittsburgh redneck. No hair on the sides and long on the back!
Had lunch with my wife. The quality of the sushi was quite good. My wife had some tempura that was fabulous. Service was friendly and quick. We really enjoyed our lunch. We will be back.
Below par diner food. Fried zucchini is all breading and no zucchini. Anything fried always comes dripping in grease, I know, I know it's diner food but it doesn't have to be so greasy it makes you physically ill. I'm a big fan of blt's and there's is pretty poor. Small portion with very little meat and dry bread.\n\nBesides the food, the service is so so. Last time I was in I asked for a lemonade and the waitress forgot it, asked for mayo and there was none on my sandwich, and this was on a slow day\n\nWith eat n park down the street and Pamela's not too far away it seems you have much better places to get you're grub on. I'm giving it one star because I can't see myself ever coming back or recommending the place to anyone else.
Excellent and made from scratch !!!!
This was just bad pizza.  For the money I expect that the toppings will be cooked on the pizza.  The cheese and pepparoni were added after the crust came out.  Also the mushrooms were out of a can.  Do not waste money here.
Darren it cracked me up to see you reviewed this Eat'n Park, but then I wasn't surprised a bit. I used to live blocks away from this place, and the location was ideal, for my favorite bar ever (Wilkie's Inn, now closed) was diagonally across the street from it. I actually have mostly bad memories of drunken friends fighting and/or confrontations here, but still this place beats all after a night at the bar. I can close my eyes and picture scrambled eggs and french toast, not to mention their delicious burgers with a side of pickles. And of course the obligatory Eat'n Park smiley face cookies, ah how I love them! Message to non-Pittsburghers, go to this (or any) Eat'n Park at least once! You'll be back!
We go here quite often for lunch. The food is excellent. Service is friendly, but spotty. If your in a hurry for lunch, I would advise you call ahead. I think perhaps the time it takes is because food is made to order. A great thing for the quality and taste but not so much if you have a limited amount of time. The lunch specials are a fantastic deal, and no matter what else I get , I get the spinach salad. It's scrumptious. Definitely recommend this place. Dinner I have had a couple times and the food was good, but the lunch deals are awesome!
Found the place to be average at best. Pancakes were not very good. They tasted like they were made from a mix, mushy in the middle, and they came with powdered sugar which I don't like (wish the server told me beforehand). Average wait time to be seated and for food to arrive. OJ was pretty bad as well- like the cheap stuff you get from the grocery store. I like the fact the place is not a chain, and I'd be up for trying other food there, but from my experience the pancakes do not live up to the hype.
Terrible place to eat and not very clean at all. Way over priced foe fast food. 5$ for a plain roast beef forget that!
Sadly really went downhill. They switched to a new vendor, the prices went up and they are no longer having sales.
The pizza is great. Other food items might disappoint. They do deliver! Service is hit and miss. There is one rude,  smile-less bartender... I have actually seen him through the window and decided to go somewhere else because I was in the mood for good service.
I guess that I sport a very simple haircut and like to keep it that way. Unfortunately, the person who cut my hair here must have slipped with the razor just behind my ear and tried to make it look normal by cleaning it up and making the other side look the same. Since I don't typically look at myself for extended periods of time, I actually didn't notice until last night when I was washing my hands in a resteraunt bathroom.  I will be speaking with manager come Monday. \n\nI had no wait and the lady who can't cut my simple hair do was very nice, until she didn't say oops I sort of f*'d your hair up. It isn't really bad and I'm not horribly upset but it IS noticeable! It would have been nice if she said something to me about it. I think this warrants a refund of my money. I will let you all know if I got my money back.
Lovely floral arrangements for every occasion.  Her boutonnieres and corsages are lovely and inexpensive - she must have made dozens for me and my friends during high school.  You cannot beat the service here.  When students at the elementary school up the street come in wanting flowers for their teachers, she will provide them with the best for only $1 or $2.  Blooming Dahlia is the best example of hometown service I could imagine.
The service is not that amazing, it's almost as if they don't care to have a business. I've dealt with them for large orders and while meeting the deadlines they request, it's never enough. They usually don't have your requested kegs and will tell you to order earlier (which by experience still does not help). \n\nThe saving grace is likely for individual sales. From the times I've had go to the store to pick up our \"deliveries\" (ie. nearly every time), it looked like they had a decent selection from the wall for cases...but who knows if they actually carry the selection.
What a place. What a selection.  I love it.  \n\nThis place allows you to view hundreds of beers from around the world.  You can buy mixed six packs as well. \n\nThe food is great and service is just fine.
The place smells awful.   Its non-smoking, but reeks of stale smoke, and when I spend 1/2 an hour there, I leave smelling like smoke.  This isn't an isolated incident, but it really smells every time I've been in there (at least once a month for the past couple years).\n\non the up side: decent coffee, decent assorted snacks (pastries, sandwiches, etc.), great location.
MUCH nicer since the renovation! The only thing I don't love is that there are rarely baskets near the entrance, and it's weird how you have to go through the whole produce area to get to the rest of the store!\n\nCheckers are usually friendly here, and good selection and variety.
Nothing special, it is Kmart after all.  \n\nDeals are hard to come by, but you have to just look a little bit longer.  It is true that the employees really don't seem to care that they are at work.  I can relate, I did my time in retail.  Although I left it when my time was due.  \n\nGood for the area if you don't want to run to a nearby shopping area.
Spent the weekend and Pittsburgh and started out Friday night at Mad Mex for Happy Hour and some dinner. Happy Hour was a pretty good deal with half price wings and cheap drafts. The wings were good and the beer selection is above average.\n\nFor dinner I had the carnitas enchiladas (i think). It didn't taste bad but I definitely had better Mexican elsewhere even elsewhere in Pittsburgh.
Stopped by with my laptop late last Friday afternoon to enjoy some craft brews and prep for a class I'm teaching Saturday morning.  Normally I have nothing but great things to say about Mad Mex in Scott Town Center, but I was mildly annoyed by a new server who seemed to abandon me after finding out I wished to stay and work after purchasing my meal and buying several craft brews.  This is not the normal treatment at this establishment for the guy at table #28 with the laptop.  In any case, great food & great selection of microbrews!
This location has such a different feel than the others around Pittsburgh. Perhaps it's the well-lit bar, or maybe it's that there's a new bartender every time I make it over here. In any case, it doesn't quite have the \"feel\" that North Hills and Robinson have.
Parking = terrible\nService = just ok\nFood = decent\nAtmosphere = really nice but loud\nDrinks = margaritas are ok\n\nComing here I wouldn't get anything else other than the burritos it fajitas. Really disappointed in the quesadilla I had here. Guacamole is pretty bland but the salsa has a nice spicy kick. Neat place to hang out if in the mood for Mexican like food and atmosphere.
I do like my Mad Mex, however predictable and non-authentic it may be.  The portion sizes are mammoth and I come away with a satisfied sense of regret.  Their beer menu is happily extensive.  Charging me $9 for chips and salsa is a bit of crime, wouldn't ya say though!?!  I mean, c'mon!  Our service has most times been lacking--a bit rushed and on the inattentive side.  Also, why do you require your wait staff to not servestraws/ lemons/etc unless asked by cusotmers---weirdness-cut out these odd cost-cutting, anti-service friendly measures please.
Grabbed a couple of dozen bagels and took to work.  Man they don't last long.  Bagels are good and the service is friendly.  They were real busy but make time to chat will working.
The close-to-my-childhood-home Starbucks: it's A. Not Peet's, and B. An accidental high school reunion when I dare to venture in. On the other hand, there are usually couches--or chairs and tables--available, inside or outside, depending on the season.\n\nThis is the option when I don't want to try to park on Beverly for a caffeine fix at the Coffee Tree.
This is exactly what I was looking for in a hotel during my one night stay in Pittsburgh. Close to the city, but far enough out to get free parking and a reasonable rate (under $100).\n\nThe room was fairly small, but I was only planning on sleeping in it. It was clean so I couldn't ask for much more. The people at the front desk were very friendly too.\n\nIf I go back to Pittsburgh, I will absolutely stay here again.
We are new to the area. We bought a 100 year old home in the Dormont suburb of Pittsburgh and set about to do a serious renovation. The moment we walked into Ceramiche we knew we were in good hands. Tina, Bob, Melissa, Suzy and Nicky all know their stuff and treat us like long lost friends. The selection of tile is the best we have found in this area and the prices are very good. The service is what really makes this place special.
Great bagels, sandwiches, soup, and coffee!\nMy favorites are the veg-out bagel sandwich, the bagel dog on onion, and their sour cream potato salad is so good too.\nIf you like all beef hotdogs, you should try the bagel dog. They wrap bagel around the dog. When they heat it up, the juice soaks into that chewy bagel and it is heaven.  Mmm.
A good Starbucks.  There is always a line at this one due to it's location but they do a great job of getting people served quickly.  Today I had a salted camel mocha.  It was pretty amazing.\n\nThis location also has a fireplace which is a nice touch for cold days.
Like I said before in my first post about Princess Nails. Its definitely dingy and and as hole in the wall as you can get. But Michelle oh my is this woman amazing. Second visit to get my eyebrows waxed was just as worthwhile as the first. ASK FOR MICHELLE. I'm not going to rate this 5 stars simply because of the lack of cleaniness BUT what would they do without Michelle.\n\n*NOTE* My rating is based on Eyebrow Waxing. Unfortunately I do not get my nails done. EVER. So please keep in mind when reading my review for this location that it is solely based on my experience with waxing and waxing ONLY.
You've got to book with Liz!\n\nIf you have curly hair (or even not) she is the best in the burgh.  Nails it every time.  Love her personality and attention to detail.  I really feel like she listens to what I want but will tell me what she thinks, in a kind way. She's energetic, attentive, and just really knows hair.  \n\nHave been back multiple times and each time I leave happy: cut, color, and all.  Probably the first time i've actually stuck with a stylist.  Thanks Liz!
Today, I definitely didn't have a great experience at MCN. I got my haircut couple months ago from there and I liked it, so I decided to go again for coloring today.\nI wasn't happy about it at all -cuz I can still see the line btw my root and the bottom. PLUS, they charged me 25 bucks more for the blow-dry without telling me. I wish I didnt go there for the color..
4th of July... everything is packed so of course there was a wait, for a table of 12.  There really wasn't anywhere to actually wait, and even though many of us ordered from the bar, we got the distinct feeling that we were not welcome to linger while waiting for our table, so we were in the way of the wait staff no matter where we tried to cram ourselves.  \n\nThe food was good though.  I had a buffalo chicken wrap and it was good.  However, someone at our table was charged for extra ketchup... what is that about?!  Glad I didn't ask for extra buffalo sauce as usual.  \n\nDespite these issues, we were served in a timely fashion and the food was better than I expected because of the reviews.  It is pricier than it should be for the quality but still better than I expected.
Just your typical hotel-restaurant. \n\nThey offer great happy hour and daily drink specials. \n\nAtmosphere was nice. Part restaurant, part sports bar. \n\nFood was average. Had the shrimp-crab bisque to start, which was easily the best thing I had that night. Then did a French dip sandwich for dinner, as there wasn't many \"dinner\" choices that intrigued me, and also the precious reviews of dinner dishes weren't good. Sandwich wasn't very good, typical bar cuisine though. Girlfriend had the chicken broccoli pasta, which was excessively cheesy. \n\nOverall, it's not bad, but won't knock your socks off. It certainly benefits by the lack of other restaurants near it.
Came in on Monday for some pre concert drinks and dinner. We were greeted nicely at the door and got sat in a booth, which I love :) our server was Jess, she was very nice and attentive to all of our needs. I was never there before and she helped me pick out drinks from the menu and had great recommendations.  We had Mac and cheese bites as an app, so good!! Then for dinner I had the turkey club and my boyfriend had the buffalo chicken wrap, all very yummy :) she even brought me a small sample of the black bean salad I was wondering about for the sides. The few different people who ran the food to our table were very pleasant also, a very nice staff all around. We had a nice time and would definitely go back again !!! :)
I am not a big fan of seafood so it takes a lot to win me over.\n\nI tried several of the dishes at Original Fish Market including the lobster bisque, the halibut, and the pork-chop with coleslaw.  The lobster bisque was bland and cold.  The halibut was decent.  The pork chop was so bitter and dry.\n\nThe whole atmosphere of the place seemed standoff-ish and was not friendly.  Furthermore, it took forever just to get our waitress's attention.  When we finally got her to look our way, she was short with us.  It was as if we bothered her.  I would rather go get sushi than spend more money here.
For a place that has a $75 entree I was pretty shocked to see a $2 charge for blue cheese olives on my bill... pretty tacky.   That was definitely a first.  I was disappointed the waitress didn't say anything either. Aside from that the service was pretty good... and the sashimi was a great value.  But everything else about this place is shwag.  The seared tuna - garbage, rainbow roll and Caesar salad - weak,  and the sides incredibly small.  The place has the feel of a riverboat buffet.  If this was stand alone they would only get away with charging 40% of what they are now... in the Westin.\nI would skip it, or if you have to, get sashimi at the bar and make sure you review your bill.
Went on a Friday evening for cocktails. I ordered a gin martini, it was delicious. For a snack we ordered pan seared scallops in a strawberry basil sauce. We were so surprised when the huge sea scallops were put in front of us! They were cooked perfectly and the sauce was bright and fresh, and for only $12! \n\nThe reason I'm giving 3 stars is because of the atmosphere. This place is set up weird, and there were only 2 or 3 full tables in the \"dining room\". The crowd was full of 40 somethings and there was a cover band, playing all the hits from the 70's and 80's. We didn't stay long.
I always had a good experience eating here for lunch.  Yea it is a bit run down, but name some in the strip that aren't?  They have $5.00 lunch specials and Jimmy was always very nice and the huge stogies in his mouth just took me back.  Funny.. Highly recommend.
The PAT buses aren't nearly as bad as many Pittsburghers make it to be. People complain about having to do transfers downtown, etc... - The reality is, it a decent system!! They could have more frequent rotations of buses at different routes, but Pittsburgh's public transportation - the buses, the T, etc... is a good system that works well for a city that is built on some mountains with a poor lay out of roads, etc... its not going to run as efficiently as areas that are built on a grid system that makes logical sense - its more difficult to get around everything. Gotta give them some slack!! and The bus drivers have always been great too!
If you like filthy buses, super high fares and about 50% rude operators then you will love Port Authority service.  Now if you like clean buses, reasonable fares and friendly service you will need to go somewhere else.  And no place for children as the language on the buses would make a sailor blush.  And in 14 years of riding Port Authority I have never seen a uniformed Port Authority officer riding a bus.
Awful!!!\nNever EVER follows schedule! Lets you wait for literally over an hour on a bus that is supposed to be running every 15 min.
How is it port authority has the money to build a pointless over pass on the east liberty busway, but can't update their online system for smart phones to be able to determine where a bus is located at? I waited two hours today in the freeZing cold to get to work. Had to call off it was just to cold out!
I must admit that not being from Pittsburgh, I walked into this place with very different expectations for what a \"cheesesteak\" sandwich constituted. Having said that, while the inclusion of an enormous amount of fries and coleslaw on the sandwich was great, the tiny piece of beef \"patty\" that can only be described as something they use as a weight watchers/jenny craig portion leaves much to be desired. I honestly felt like I was eating some sort of vegetarian sandwich with a tiny piece of shriveled up beef patty lost somewhere in between the enormous slices of Italian bread.\n\nOn the plus side, the Oakland location does have a pretty sweet deal for after 10pm, where a sandwich and drink was 3 or 4 bucks.
Primanti's sandwiches pretty much sum up Pittsburgh in many ways:  big, over-the-top, tasteless, and unhealthy.  What more could you ask for? Unfortunately, this place is pretty dirty.  Make sure no flies land on your food.\n\nIt seems like Pittsburgh natives love this place, which is fine.  Its food certainly is unique.  However, if you're not from Pittsburgh, there's a good chance you'll walk away with a rather bland taste in your mouth.\n\nBy the way, do not pronounce the \"t\" in Primanti.  It really irks native Pittsburghers.  It's pronounced \"Primanny.\"  Unfortunately, I learned this the hard way.
Primanti Bros is basically the heart of all yinzers in Pittsburgh. However, I have to take primanti bros in doses. Their big ass sandwiches make me feel like I dont need to eat the rest of the week. Sometimes I love it for that and sometimes I hate it. Either way its a nice place to sit back, relax, and enjoy a nice cold beer with my friends. \n\n My only complaint about this particular primanti bros in market square is the people that it generates. Anywhere from hookers to crackheads. I have been in there several times and atleast 4 or 5 times I watched someone get kicked out for doing something illegal. My advice is, if you can, go to this primantis during the day for lunch dont go at night. If you can go to the one in the strip district or southside on 17th street.
Tiny little place and very popular...highly suggest going early if you're a newbie in town and never had their sammiches before. They get pretty busy after 12.\n\nI couldn't decide what to get, and was told their number 2 popular choice is  not that great and I should try salami or black angus. Tough! So, I ended going with roast beef. I really enjoyed it, not greasy at all, and I actually ate the whole thing. Ha unbelievable, it was that good! \n\nOverall service was great.
This is one of the most over hyped restaurant that I have ever been to.  I know it's a Pittsburgh legend. I have been there several times and every time say to myself, I won't be going back.  I only go there when dragged by coworkers.  \n\nThe restaurant is always packed, service is slow and you have to get up to get a drink refill from the cashier.  Yes it's unique having fries and cole slaw on your sandwiches, but the sandwiches are horrible.  Burnt Roast Beef or poor quality cheese steaks just don't cut it with me.
There was basically no cheese on my \"cheese combo sandwich\", the fries were gross, and the waitress was nasty to us.
People knock on this place - but I always find myself defending it. \n\nWhile it may be overrated for being featured on the food network, it is a pretty good sandwich place (no not just because the portions...while they are generous) \n\nThe fries are a bit bland but I'm a huge fan of the cole slaw they have there - while it may not be anything \"special\" it's a classic (not creamy cole slaw mind you). The colossal fish sandwich is pretty good. The cheese steak is not a cheese steak! But that's because I'm from Philadelphia and any cheese steak that isn't made and prepared there is not a cheese steak to me. \n\nThe only thing is the sanitation there is...questionable.  Just don't think about the sticky surfaces and slimy-ish floors. \n\nFor a cheap, giant sandwich I'd take the germs any day.
I wanted Pittsburgh food, and the internets sent me here.  Do not be intimidated to walk in this dump.  I went to the take out line and ordered a spicy sandwich something or another.  The bartenders are either overworked or just don't give a shit cause I waited for a while before ordering.  But stay strong, and look them down until they take your order. PS make sure you get sauce in those little packets.  Sammich is at best 6/10 but is comes with fries on the sandwich, fries!! Isn't that crazy everyone, fries on a sandwich!
Primantis is the ideal Pittsburgh sandwich. Fries, coleslaw, provolone, whatever meat you'd like in between the famous mancinis bread. I love this location especially because of the hours. Living downtown it's hard to find places to eat late at night but the market Sqaure primantis is open till 12 o'clock 7 days a week. I've tried variations of the sandwich but my favorite so far is the pastrami. I went tonight and I'll be back again the near future.
Bread, slaw, tomato, fries, and a small piece of overcooked fish all piled together. Warm yiengling and mediocre service.   Aweful
This spot was the light of my life for about 3 solid weeks. From the first bite I could tell that parting ways with Pittsburgh would be heartbreaking. After driving out of pittsburgh and paying my friend for his leftover half a sandwich, I knew that id made a special connection. To that bacon egg and cheese waiting for me, I miss xou and cant wait to hold xou again.
I would give it 3.5 stars. It was a solid sandwich for sure. I got the corned beef which was tasty the only thing I wish they added was some kind of sauce. I'm not sure if that comes on other sandwiches but it could have used some kind of mustard. The price is great too, four sandwiches , two orders of pickles, coleslaw, fries and beer for about 40 bucks. Can't complain about that! \n\nI would definitely
Today was the day we finally got to try this place!\n\nI was in the mood for a cheesesteak and the waitress suggested an angus sandwich.  While it was different from a cheesesteak that im used to, it was definitely delicious! However I would get the coleslaw on the side next time.  She suggested a Cajun chicken sandwich for my husband  (because he said he liked a little spice) he absolutely loved it! we washed it all down with a local IPA.\nAll in all great food, definitely worth the visit-- and great service! Our waitress happened to be from Harrisburg ( that's where we are from!) so we shared some really great conversation!!
This is a solid downtown lunch break spot. They run a special between like 11-2 where you can get 3 cuts buffet style (with lots of different types) with a pop for 6 or 7 bucks. Perfect for those days when you oversleep and don't get a chance to pack a lunch. The pizza is nothing that you'd fall asleep dreaming of, but definitely hits the spot at 1PM on a workin' day.
Being originally from Arizona, I know a good taco.  The taco stand outside of Reyna's is GOOD.   The carne asada meat was tender, though I usually prefer a little more char. A friend i was with got the beef tongue, a little too eccentric for my taste, but he loved it.  Surprisingly, I really enjoyed the tortilla.  I am usually tuned off by corn tortillas, but theirs are soft, not dry, and don't fall apart as the taco juices seep in. In other words exactly what you need for a good street taco.  The best part is the taco barrista squeezes fresh lime juice on top of the taco as a finishing touch. It really puts it over the top.
I use to love Rolands. However, the last few times we have been there it has been terrible.  While the food remains okay, the service leaves something to be desired.  Our waitress took longer than 15 minutes to come over and get our drink order; we had to get the hostess to find her.  She did not come back to the table for more than 20 minutes at a time.  The waitress was rude and less than helpful.  Our 1 drink and lunch took over two hours to complete.  Good thing they still have a good bloody mary.
WARNING ,,,,, this place is for SUCKERS ONLY ..... funky smelling ,worse tasting seafood ... overpriced ..... raunchy,un-clean restrooms .... only reason anyone goes here is because this is a ''tourist trap '' type neighborhood with some fun shopping spots nearby and this restaurant is positioned in the center of everything. As P.T. Barnum once said  '' There's a sucker born every minute '' ...... stay away ... any other restaurant will be better .
Like a glutton for punishment, I hit up Roland's again last night while in town for business. I tired Kaya, but the wait was 30 + minutes.\n\nHere's the big clue I keep ignoring....the restaurant is EMPTY when everywhere else is crowded. Another issue is there's poor A/C in the dining room, which kind of sucks when it's 85 degrees and humid outside. \n\nI had a grilled vegetable sandwich and clam chowder. Same as before, it was just OK.  Service was better this time though. \n\nAll in all, I preferred my to go taco salad from doba the night before to this meal. \n\nSave your money and try somewhere else. \n\nPS. Beer selection is impressive if you want to drink beers from all around the world.
I have no complaints here.  European-style shop for gourmet coffee and tea.  You can buy fresh-brewed coffee or beans and loose leaf tea in bulk starting with a 1/4 pound and up.  Besides that, the shop is crammed with coffee and tea supplies, candies, and chocolates.  Good prices.  Friendly, knowledgeable staff.\n\nI usually buy coffee, but the last time I went in for green tea and wanted to try something new.  The man who waited on me didn't know a whole lot about tea, so he did something amazing:  he found someone else who did!\n\nTip: Go on Thursday afternoons when Market Square has their farmer's market and pick up some fresh produce and pierogies, too.
So Many coffees to choose from, so little time. Really awesome coffee shoppe, which happens to be the oldest in the city and the most delicious smelling! They staff here is super friendly and enthusiastic about the precious beans. Its quaint and charming with a old rustic touch. Prices are reasonable and what you'd expect. Definitely a good place to stop if your around market square
I love this place. I eat here anytime I go downtown for anything. Always get the Gyro with extra meat and sauce. So amazing. YUM!
Not the best ever, but pretty decent stuff.  A slice for $2.50 in downtown? I'll be back.
This is the first time in a long while (10 yrs?) and now I remember why. The food is fair at best for the main meal. The salad is good but small. The hummus is a little bland. The best parts were the \"homemade\" wine, both white and red, kinda like adult kool-aid  and the Jackie O cake was great. My issue was the price, $59. for dinner for 2. For this price, I would have expected more.I can't believe the 4 and 5 star reviews that I have read on this site. It's hard to believe that this place rates so many opposing reviews. I will never go back here again.
I had spaghetti warehouse delivered to my apt and I ordered spaghetti and meatballs while my boyfriend ordered chicken Parmesan. First off, we both asked for Caesar salads (which we paid extra for) and we didn't even get them. Besides that, the sauce was less than mediocre - a glorified ketchup with noodles. The chicken was dry and we couldn't eat half of the meals. Overall, very poor experience with spaghetti warehouse. You're better off getting fast food noodles from noodles and company. Seriously disappointed especially since it is called the SPAGHETTI warehouse. Very hard to mess up spaghetti.
No, nope, uh uh, no way, please don't call this an Italian restaurant. Overcooked, mushy noodles, watery tomato gravy, and meatballs that are too garlicky and over spiced. Can't give this place anything lower than 1 star. Seriously, Olive Garden is a joke and I rate it higher than this place. \n\nAgain, my advice to any Italian food lover, find a good neighborhood, family owned restaurant and support a family and not a conglomerate.
Ewww, the food here is terrible.  Nothing I had tasted good.  It tasted like it had been sitting under the food warmers for hours.  The service is luke warm at best.  Just skip it.  There's so many other places out there for good italian food.
Visited Morton's last night for dinner before the show. After we were seated, our waiter greeted us shortly after with the menus. The menu has a perfect amount of options. Not too many and still enough to have a complete variety. Chicken, chops, seafood, and most important, STEAK! For a salad, we started off with the chopped spinach salad. It was perfect, as I am very particular with how my salads are dressed. The dressing wasn't dripping off, it was evenly and perfectly coated. I chose the 6 oz filet mignon, with 2 bacon wrapped scallops and 3 grilled shrimp for my dinner. It was more than enough. The steak was so tender and juicy! I would definitely go back to Morton's again and again for a wonderful meal!
Well, it's food!! That's about all I can say for The Smithfield Cafe.  \nI had the \"daily special\" which is pretty much the universal way of condensing \"two eggs, bacon or sausage, and toast\" into two words. Sausage was room temperature, eggs were decent, and the greasy home fries contained the flavor of the dozen meals that were cooked before mine this morning (not i'n a good way). Coffee was plentiful, but not flavorful. \nThe waitresses were grizzled and archetypal for their profession.  \nTo surmise; meh...
Wonderful experience!
average at best. Best view of the city by far though. Go in summer or no point in going. \n\nThe beer battered fish is good, yet there's much better in the city. It's nice and crispy, served on a fresh roll, tartar, lettuce, all that jazz. However again it's not worth venturing over for unless weather is perfect for an evening outside. \n\nChicken quesidilla, same thing. Average. \n\nI've went for 6 years now waiting for it to become something good. It's not going to happen. But I'll keep trying hoping.
Rotten food and over charging customer.\n\nI was expecting at least a reasonable dinning experience at a reputed restaurant, but was greatly disappointed. The restaurant charged me 20% premium over prices on online menu (I ordered takeout), denied there are prices online. The maitre D was reluctant to show the printed menu, which is 10% more expensive than online, led me to think the over charge was deliberate. \nThe crab cake sandwich is well prepared but from ROTTEN crab. Since I didn't have time to walk 10min one way to return the food, it had to be thrown away.   A lunch over charged and wasted.
They must get patrons here in because of the could reviews from the other Tambellini restaurant or from being close to the theater district.  The food is pretty bad for an Italian restaurant.  The Chicken Parmigiana was very bready and I question if it was homemade.  I ordered a side salad and it was all iceberg lettuce.  The homemade bread was very sorry.....  Not worth the price.  The decor is very plain.  Service was fine.
It's just not that good. We initially told the waitress that we only going to order appetizers and desert. My code for \"we read on Yelp this place sucks, but we wanted to give it a try\" to which she replied they don't alow that but I will let it slide. The food could have come from a buffet and been better. I hate to be super negative, but in this case I am just being real.
The only good thing about this eatery is its proximity to the Benedum. The three of us were seated at a table that was jammed in between two other tables, next to the kitchen - even though the place was half empty. I could hear the conversation at the next door table better than that of people sitting opposite me. The food was a sorry, sloppy, soggy mess that would have had Chef Ramsey throw up. The service was slow, inattentive, and made you feel vaguely unwelcome. Ridiculously overpriced. For  better value, a nicer atmosphere, and quality food, I strongly recommend a couple of places nearby that beat Tambellini's hands down - McDonalds or SubWay.
I went here on the day of a wedding (I'm from out of town) for a last minute pedicure. I didn't really know where else to go, so I just stopped here on a whim (it was raining and this was the closest place that seemed to do nails). \n\nThe Salon Nuvo nail person is FANTASTIC (and wonderful to chat with). It's two full weeks later and it looks like my pedicure is brand new (and before you ask, I actually used the exact same brand/color nail polish as my prior crap pedicure). They don't have the cool massage chairs and they put you in a weird little intimate back room, HOWEVER I would totally give that up for a beautiful pedicure that lasts this long.  \n\nThought it was worth a review.
i have been getting my hair cut here for 15 years.  Marjorie is amazing and priceless.  I am as picky about my hairstylist as i am my dentist or doctor.  I travel extensively for work and get compliments no matter where i travel.  Wouldn't go anywhere else!
We wanted to check out the gay scene in Pittsburgh and since we were staying downtown this seemed like a great place. Positives: doorman was nice and they played good music. \n\nNegatives: the lighting, the decor and the smoking. The smoking was really disgusting actually as the smell lingered in our hair and our clothes after we left; I think they should consider opening up a little smoking area, just a thought. As for drinks, we ordered lemon drop martinis and I know, this is so far from being a martini bar, but the bartender did a pretty great job.\n\nGlad we went, but we won't go back.
The selection is pretty vast -- European, upscale specialty brands (up to $24 for a 3 oz bar!), bulk malt balls in 3 flavors that are wonderful, house-brand hot chocolate mix, and lots more. It's fun just to browse around and know all these choices exist.
The TURKEY RACHEL should be the first thing you try... and you may like it so much it may be the last.  I can't vouch for everything on the menu, but I don't have to.  I grab the same two items every time I go in.  Fresh deli sliced turkey, with just a bit of thousand island (not drenched in it), and a fresh rye bread.  The only thing here that rivals it is the TOMATO BASIL TORTELLINI SOUP.  Paired with a double cheese grilled cheese and you got a winner.  Problem is they only do that soup once a month.  I 've had a few other items on the menu, all pretty good.  Just a solid place to eat lunch.
I have seen a lot of shows here.  It's really nice and brings some amazing productions to the city.  \n\n(and I also saw the Great Gatsby ballet that another commenter mentioned!)
This is the worst Chinese food I've had. Ever. And Pittsburgh has some pretty bad Chinese places.  The Golden Palace buffet is bad, but at least edible.  I am utterly baffled at how this place stays in business.
Disagree with previous post. Went to 1902 tavern for lunch a few weeks back. To start the waiter appeared to be either on crack or speed. Second I was with a party of 4 that all ordered salads. I decided to go with the steak. Awful call on my part. The salad took 45 minutes to arrive, along with the cracked out waiter (who we hadn't seen for at least 30 minutes) The steak was total bullshit. Overcooked and cold. The salad had way too much iceberg lettuce and tasted like crap. I won't be back until Pittsburgh decides to clean up Market square and all of the vargrants that inhabit the area. Where do these people come from? and is there nothing better to do except sit around market square, smoke cigarettes and throw your trash everywhere so city workers can clean up after your filthy asses? My advice to you son, is do the same as your father, and his father did...get a job!!!
We went on a random Thursday night for dinner.  Our expectations were thinking this local establishment might be a great local pub with sub par food.  This is what we found. \n\nOur server was friendly enough and welcoming, but dining room area is out dated decor.  Food was not awful, but just barely average.  I had a salad and my husband had a fish sandwich.  They arrived quickly, were reasonably priced and by friendly staff, but the food was nothing special.  Nothing unique or notable about either one. \n\nThe bar area up front seems like a small, local friendly place to go after work, but I would skip the food.
Good Coffee and Travel Advice!  What more can you ask?\n\nA buddy and I decided to explore the strip district one Saturday and found this gem of a coffee shop.    We ordered a couple a Cappuccino's.    The employees were very nice and provided some good insight on what to see and visit.\n\nThe Caps were good, the vibe was great and it is in the heart of the Strip District.   A strong recommend.
this is a great place for those who enjoy looking at art and an alright place for a student like me to learn about art as a requirement for class. \n\nThis gallery was by far... the most attention grabbing because of its electric show... although I didn't understand the concept of it all... I really enjoyed my time there... I got some great photos from the trip... so it was a worth that much :)
Not four-star cuisine, but good Take Out.   As you can tell I am a regular lunch goer on Penn Avenue. The take out food at Fu Lai is always dependable and the price is reasonable.  Because I prefer my food to be a little on the plain side, I always get the chicken with pea pods or the chicken with vegetables.  Very satisfying!
This place is great. We purchased the smoked prosciutto, hard salami, and peperoni when we stopped in. The counter staff was very friendly, despite being VERY busy, and made some excellent recommendations. \n\nNext time I'm going to add a selection of cheeses to my purchase of cured meat.
No fax machine. No electronic records. No emails or computers.  I have to keep track of my pet's vaccination records?  What's up with that? The doctors are very nice and seem competent.  Front desk support is generally ok, but had a phone conversation with someone who must have gotten up on the wrong side of the bed...  Options are limited for those of us who live downtown.
Holy smokes crazy tea place you are crazy. it would have been a 5, but i got 'guilted' out of getting coffee when i was told I was ordering the last cup (after i relented, someone else just ordered after me). granted, it was Christmas Eve and people the employees wanted to go home.\n\nThe excitement about this place is evident from my mom's enthusiasm about the place as a tea expert. In the tea arena, i have seen no equal. The mustached tea guru who works there literally puts together the different teas - and has an intimate knowledge of each.
What a great dinner!  I had the pasta trio special.  They walk around with three pastas and just re-fill your plate.  I even wanted one of them without an ingredient,and they didn't bat an eye.  They even had the pasta prepared the same way to refill me!  I haven't been back, and I kick myself for it on my way out of town every time I visit there!
For those stuck in the convention center area, this is a ok place for a beer and pub food.\n\nAs a graduate student in the area only to attend a conference, I have been to this bar twice.\n\nThe jalapeno poppers and onion rings are a favorite. The buffalo wings are ok...nothing special.\n\nGets very crowded during games, but makes the place fun.\n\nSo, if you are trapped around the area with no car and crave a beer and munchies, this place is A-Ok.
This is the best place (IMO) that delivers to Troy Hill.  Please allow an hour at least for delivery.  It is worth it.\n\nIn the past I've had the regular pizzas (sausage, pepperoni, etc) from there.  Always delicious.  Today I decided to try some of their other selections:\n\nMoroccan Spiced Chicken and Dry Plum Pizza (SOO GOOD)\nPide with Pastirma (WONDERFUL)\nBeets (I had a craving.  Really really good!)\n\nDelivery was only 5 minutes past the GrubHub estimate.  Driver polite and friendly as has always been my experience with them.\n\nI'm usually stingy with the stars, but as it is so hard to find good food delivered to Troy Hill (not counting using Meals Delivered), I'm going for it.  Five stars!
We stayed here after getting an awesome deal on Priceline for $90 per night. I admit that if I'd paid full price I'd have been a little annoyed at the size of the room. It felt pretty small, but it was comfortable and had a great view of Heinz Field. It's also a fantastic location. We were able to walk almost everywhere, which I always enjoy when spending time in a new city. \n\nThe hotel itself is beautiful, especially in the lobby. It's a historic hotel and really managed to keep the aesthetics of the original interior but update them in appropriate ways. \n\nI would recommend avoiding the restaurant if you can. As with all hotel restaurants it was overpriced, and the breakfast we ate there was unmemorable to say the least.
Pre-fab fried food. Decor has character. The beer is cheap.
Awesome chowder but that's it...
Not what I expected!  This place is a Pittsburgh institution.  I expected mahogany and brass, but walked into a tiny diner.\n\nVery friendly.  The fish is awesome.  The huge Calimari rings are absurdly tender.  No gumminess at all.  \n\nThe place is crazy at lunch time, so I never even attempted it until now.  Worked late and still a decent crowd.
This restaurant is great for anyone in the mood for seafood. The clam chowder is as creamy and flavorful as everyone says it is. The fish and shrimp are very fresh, though the crab cake was nothing special. The place is a historic landmark, and the decor suits the laid-back atmosphere. The service is pretty friendly, too. Overall, I didn't find the experience as bad as others have in the past, and the restaurant is worth checking out.
This was some of the worst pizza I've ever had. We stopped in for a late night snack on the way back to the hotel. I got a personal pizza, and my friend got an Italian hoagie. \n\nOne slice of this pizza, and I immediately felt sick. This doesn't generally happen to me. I finished the slice and that was it. I couldn't eat anymore. She thought her hoagie was okay, but the pizza...oh, the horror of the pizza. \n\nAvoid.
Unfortunately this dump is right down the street from my hotel and not really having eaten much all day, I was hungry.\n\nThe service was terrible....no one knew what they were doing so it took 10 minutes to get a freaking slice of pizza and then when said pizza came it was NASTY.\n\nMy husband once got a pizza in Milwaukee where they put Kraft singles on it as cheese and Pizza Parma is just behind that for worst pizza ever.
Update - went back another time and the pizza was mediocre at best.  So disappointing, we loved it the first time!  My guess is that if you get pizza right out of the oven you're good to go - otherwise, you're SOL.
I would say that Lemongrass is ok, not great.\n\nI've had the Panang curry a few times and really enjoyed it. The Green curry is also decent.\n\nWhat brings Lemongrass down is incredibly slow service. Whether it's during a busy time or a slow time, it's slow slow slow. One waiter for the entire restaurant and that's it.\n\nThe atmosphere and ambiance of the restaurant are nice. And given the price, it's not a bad lunch spot.
it's OK. I stopped by this bakery on the way to the bank, looking for something to satisfy my sweet tooth. Nothing really caught my eye or got my mouth watering. \n\nI ended up picking two chocolate patties with peanut butter filling ($4/both). I wasn't two impressed: the cake seemed a bit stale and the filling was not creamy.\n\nI do have to say some of the cakes didn't look half bad. But, it seemed like Paddy Cake is comparable to the bakery section of your typical grocery store which is disappointing since I'm always on the lookout for mouth watering sweets.
Some drunk asshole fell into my back tire and completely ruined it. Rather then go to Trek and spend a good $100 for a new tire and the labor I headed to Kraynicks.\n\nI spent around 3 hours fixing not just my back tire, but my shoes, shifters, and I even cleaned up my chain and gears. I love that you go in to fix a simple issue but end up spending hours there. You can't help it. Gerry and John are great people and their willing to help you because they just love what they do rather than to just make a profit. \n\nI already want to go back. And yes best bike shop in existence is a pretty accurate statement.
Last barber on the left was who helped me. Very nice but not very skilled. He uses plastic guards for his shears and also I noticed after washing my hair I have very thin parts that were cut much shorter than the rest of my hair. Luckily my hair grows fast. I trusted Yelp! reviews but they let me down. I may try one of the other barbers with real shears once more but I am hesitant to recommend or go back here with  confidence.
You won't find a better haircut for the price in all of Pittsburgh. \n\nI spent my first year in Pittsburgh not knowing where to get a good haircut. I tried a bunch of different places, and often settled for an overpriced buzz at Supercuts. The day I found Dan Cercone was a life changer for me.\n\nIf you go on a Saturday, one of their moms bakes cookies and has other random complimentary snacks. Following my last visit, I walked out of there looking sharp, munching on a vanilla Powerbar. (Only a couple munches, that thing was gross)
I am in town for work and I decided to order food from here. The food was awesome! I ordered the People's Special Biryani and they brought the food right to my hotel room. I will definitely order from here again the next time I'm in town.
5:30pm, worst Baingan Bartha I've ever had. Un-fresh and damn near flavorless all but for some powdery heat. Please invest in fresh chillies; they keep well and will make that \"8\" really pop with flavor.
This place is awesome.  He was closed but was still there cleaning and took me in for a great old school cut.  I'd tried some salons and was relying on Sueprcuts a lot and hadn't been to a barber in quite some time.  Sure, I haven't had this kind of haircut since gradeschool, but he did clean it up quite nicely and even gave my beard a clean trim.  Definitely recommended if this is what you're looking for.  Also, some great conversation
Pho is good but its not best pho or egg rolls (they don't even serve it with the lettuce and herbs) you can get in Pittsburgh. On the flip side though, their owner is super friendly
This place has been reviewed a lot, obviously, so I'll keep it short and sweet with a list.\n\nPros:\nThe vegetarian Pho is amazing. I will only have eyes for it when I go there, and maybe a fresh veggie spring roll. Unlike two of the other reviewers who had some sour grapes over their experience, I have multiple resources that the veggie Pho broth is vegan.\nCheap. Huge bowl of Pho with fresh veggies and a drink for under $10. \n\nCons:\nParking in this neighborhood is a racket and restaurant doesn't have a lot.\n\nGood to know:\nNo credit. Take cash, or use the ATM in the vestibule.\nAtmosphere is hole-in-the-wall. If you can't cope with that, get takeout or don't go.
I am from Houston, since I came here I've been searching for the perfect bowl of pho. I have to say this is the closest thing yet from home!!! Good pho with fair pricing, doesn't get ebtter than this.
I came here awhile ago and ordered one of the rice-based dishes with chicken (can't remember exactly what it was, and there's no menu posted online for me to figure it out).  The dish was dry and lacked flavor.  Perhaps I ordered the wrong dish here, since the Pho seems to be what they're known for.  As it were, I wasn't impressed. I don't remember anything being off about the service, so it must have been fine.  If a dining partner specifically wanted to try Vietnamese, I'd come back and try the Pho, but otherwise, I wouldn't go out of my way to come back here, given that there are many better dining options on Butler St.
The food isn't something to rave about but it's edible. I love the fact that they offer fried green tomatoes and grape leaves. I have only been to (C)Ritters for late night munchies and that also happens to be when Pittsburgh's finest come out to play. Never a dull moment.
Sometimes at four in the morning you need a place to eat, and, for that purpose, Ritters does its job. Otherwise the food is pretty mediocre. Remember if you can after a long night out that this establishment is cash only. \n\nYou are never going to get great service here, and for the most part at night when the entire place is packed full of belligerent drunks why should you? The waitstaff does their job: takes orders, brings out the food, and refills your drinks, but don't expect much more and surely don't expect to have all your requests pampered. I feel bad for the waitstaff who have to deal with drunks all night, especially on the weekend.\n\nThis is a Pittsburgh landmark, nice diner vibe, and a place where I will always have great memories. Though the food is pretty mediocre and slightly overpriced for the quality I will always keep coming back here out of nostalgia.
2.5 but I rounded down.\nThis is not a place you go to eat out but it's rather a emergency stop when you have no other place to go perhaps 4 in the morning. Cash only. Doesn't separate the check so if you are eathing with somebody else figure it out among yaselves.\nI'm not a big fan of diner's and haven't been to one so I don't have anything to compare to but like I said, if you have nowhere else to go you might try this one.\nFood is ok. It's like the food that a mom who doesn't care for cooking cooked. I don't want to be too mean. Waitresses are friendly. They are dressed up in scrubs like nurses.
Ritters is a Pittsburgh treasure. Old school diner, complete with at-table mini jukeboxes that sometimes work. Great people watching here.  This is the place you come for late night munchies or possibly morning after recovery.  Breakfast food is on point, as is the Greek fare. Cash only like most of the coolest spots in The Burgh!
I wouldn't say it's the best burger I've had, but still very good.  I had a cheeseburger with mushrooms and bacon.  The bun was unfortunately too small for the patty and the top portion of the bun was rock hard.  The burger was extremely large and cooked very well.  The wait staff was very friendly and the food was out immediately.
Had the best burger of my life at Tessaro's over the weekend. I ordered the Guacamole Burger (on the specials menu) and was not disappointed. The burger was large and packed with flavor. The guacamole was tasty and creamy and topped my burger off perfectly. I liked that they had so many options for sides with their meals. I opted for the cole-slaw and it was very good as well.\n\nOur waitress was extremely personable and our food came quick.\n\nI don't give a lot of 5-star ratings but this place deserves one.  My burger was cooked to perfection. Great quality food, service and good atmosphere!
All the locals recommended this place to me for burgers and I've tried them twice to just make sure the first time wasn't a goof. But both times, the food was so blah. It should take more then just a massive piece of meat to get good ratings. I've tried both a burger and a steak, and they were both so bland. There's no flavor what's so ever. I was highly disappointed.
Started out with wedding soup that was so salty it was almost inedible. Asked for the house wine and was given a glass of wine that cost $9.00. (My fault, I should have asked, I guess.) Meals were OK, but nothing special. Even the bread was just so-so. My dinner partner and I both got entirely different meals, and we both experienced serious gastro-intestinal problems after our dinners.
Flies in this place.
i was very excited to try this place.  thai is one of my favorite cuisines ever!!!  but i was sorrily disappointed. we started with spring rolls, through the rice wrapper i could see that the lettuce was browning, a sure sign that the rolls were not made to order.  the pad thai was dry and tasteless.  my friends curry and potatoes tasted like water with a touch of curry powder.  i hate giving poor reviews but nothing that i ate at thai cuisine was yummy.
Friendly Service. Fresh Veggies! At only 1 dollar a person for BYOB and no corkage this place is a steal! The price is right too! \n\nIf you are a veggie, curry, wine lover who loves family style friendly service, then this place is for you!
I only come to Pittsburgh twice a year, but I get so excited to eat the best pizza. Sacramento pizzarias have nothing on Pittsburgh's. Fiori's is the best pizza I've ever eaten. It's local so my dad grew up eating the stuff & so did I until I moved to California. Sweet sauce and thin crust baked to perfection. If you're in Pittsburgh, you must try it. If you live in Pittsburgh, then you already know what I'm talking about.
Service is just okay--they are rude short with you. No parking. On a brick road that will have your car shaking the whole time. You will get your car swiped if you aren't careful. The cheese blend is good. The sauce is sweet: not slightly sweet, but sweet. There is a lot of appeal to Fioris because of the sauce. I guess I prefer something savory in my sauce and find the aggravation to make it less worthwhile than Mineo's in Mt. Lebanon
Yes the pizza is the best in the burgh.  But don't don't forget the wings.  They also have the best wings in the burgh.  They don't deliver.  They don't have to.  I'd drive for miles.
Other than being open late to convenience myself and my inebriated friends I didn't like nor dislike this place. It was quite small and looked dirty. The pizza was large enough to share between me and 5 people and to absorb some alcohol. \nIt wasn't horrible.
My girlfriend is much newer to the area so I try to take her to real Pittsburgh places. Fiori's should be held right up there next to Primanti's as a staple. South Hills icon. \n\nThere's old world charm when you order. Pie comes out quick. It's awesome deliciousness scored me many points with the lady and satisfied my soul for making my not-often-enough trip to this fantastic pizza icon of the City of Champs. \n\nPreach.
The sales team worked with me to trade a car that needed work and put me into the car I always wanted for a price I could afford.  Talk to Jeff and Dom they are Awesome!
Organization people, that's all I got to say, organization.  This place is in dire need of it.  Or maybe a map of some sort, but not like a treasure map.  I walked in to try and find a picture frame to use for a project and it took me forever to figure out that they were buried behind the knickknack area.\n\nAlso, the staff might want to take a people skills course.  Not a good experience to have them weaving in and out of customers much like a stunt car driver to avoid a question.  I really loved overhearing their conversations...\n\nOne other thing, make sure you work out a bit, that ramp connecting the levels is not fun to conquer when you're not expecting it.
First, their clothing is arranged by color, not by size. While thrift stores may think this looks great, it's not great for people shopping for one size.\n\nAlso, their prices were outrageous. Many of the items I liked I could have bought new for a little bit more. The upscale prices did not match the dingy and dirty store. We won't be back to this one.
New pita caf\u00e9 is a welcome addition to a classic bakery and some of the best hummus in Pittsburgh. A great menu with fresh and local items served quickly efficiently and kicked up condiments and extras at every turn. This is the best Mediterranean food in Pittsburgh bar none. Chef Greg keep it coming
yummy, yummy chinese food.  thank heavens for there being one in brookline.  great food.  friendly, fast service.  decent prices.  funny kid who jumps out and tries to scare me every time i go is great in store entertainment.  very simple decore.\n\ni always walk here when i order since it so close and they always have it ready before i get there.  usually get the general tso's.  must try the other menu items someday.
Nice atmosphere, good food - Sesame Inn gets an A in my book.  The service is good - I especially like the man who has been refilling water glasses since I was in middle school and always smiles at you.  There is a room off the main dining room to support larger groups, a full bar, and a great menu.  The lunch specials are very affordable, even to high school students, and can be packed on days when school lets out early.\n\nAs far as the food goes, everything is delicious.  The hot and sour soup is great, the ma po bean curd is the best I've ever had, and even their newest offering of pad thai is pretty good.  Whether you're taking out, eating in, or having food delivered, everything here is delicious.
NEVER EVER get the All-you-can-Eat. Hibachi plates are basically plates of panfried squash with a little meat that isn't even grilled. They give you nigiri sushi instead of sashimi. It's like they are trying to stuff us full of rice and squash so we fill up quickly. Also, service was unfriendly.
This place has been on my list since I became a \"foodie\" (quotes intended) ... and finally I was in town with the flexibility to go.\n\nIt's worth it ... I think it's on par with Pizzeria Bianco and Pupatellas as \"as good as it gets\" for me ... and the great pastas and apps solidified the five star rating.\n\nVERY great.
Not quite as good as the Squirrel Hill location, but quick service. Would recommend the Sicilian Pizza over the usual style.
Convenient and easier to find items then big box stores, although you do pay for that convenience. Most staff are extremely knowledgeable and helpful, others in dire need of customer service training (mocking and eye rolling at customers is not cool).  Returns can be a hassle including items sold that are defective or missing parts.
This is a great local place for the neighborhood. There aren't many general shops or convenience stores within walking distance, so Rolliers is my go-to store. Their employees (beyond the local teens at the registers) are very friendly and knowledgeable. I've never had any problems finding plumbing, storage, or cleaning supplies.
Not a huge fan of their coffee, the cookies and pastries are really good, however! The lemonade is amazing. The lady who works their, is super rude and never smiles. The customer almost feels like they are bothering the workers.
This is a fantastic small hair salon. I have been going here for years and they are experts. You always feel valued and always have great service (and a GREAT cut too!).\nThe ambiance is superb- small, quaint, and not full of egos that you would normally find at a salon of this caliber.\n\nI highly recommend!!!
Internet Connection  = $60 \nWi-Fi router = $120 \nDaily internet pass = $4.95\n\nLosing customers because you make them pay for wifi access priceless.\n\n$4.95 for a day pass or $29.95 for a monthly pass is just ridiculous, especially when the place is so computer friendly with lots of a/c plugs for laptop users.\n\nIf you are going to just have coffee then miss I's review is right on the spot, but if you are going to work or study and need access to the internet then go somewhere else.
Cute place with a delicious cap! Perfectly proportionate.
Wash-dry-fold. Pick-up and delivery. Dress shirts. Dry cleaning. These people do so much, and charge such a reasonable amount. \n\nThey take credit cards, too, and they are easy to communicate with, if you have a change of plans or whatever.\n\nCan't say enough good things. I've been in the laundromat, too, though I haven't used it. It's nice and clean and pleasant, in that Pittsburgh's-take-on-hip kind of way.
Ick.  Stay away unless you want to be treated like you are a criminal who cannot afford a pricey item.  I wanted to try on a $400 fur...and the guy said it was very expensive and would hand carry it to the front mirror for me.  He then advised me to take off my vest and waited for me to do so.  He would not let me handle the coat myself because it was \"very expensive.\"  He watched me while I tried it on and then immediately took it off me.  I wanted to tell him that $400 wasn't pricey for a winter coat and that I could easily afford it, but decided to walk out without purchasing it.  I won't be back.
I was here this past week while visiting. The food was superb. The seared tuna was amazing-the best I've had anywhere. The scallops were also excellent. Appetizers were delicious. The restaurant is beautiful, dimly lit, and very relaxed. Our server, Amanda, was great-really knowledgeable and helpful. Lookinf forward to my next trip to Pitt. to come back here.
Excellent food. They did a great job with the renovation- the place is swank!
Not my cup of tea. I did not like my tuna entree, despite it being somewhere around $35. \n\nI do enjoy their cocktails, and like to come to the bar for happy hour.
Consistently outstanding and creative food served professionally in a great and even varied ambiance. What more could you ask for? Oh yes, excellent wine list and drinks.
Best sushi in Pittsburgh. Small restaurant so definitely make reservations and try the omakase. Like the tatami mat seating as well.
Two Words: Frozen Cosmos\n\nYou need no other motivation to go to Harris' (although, the food and service is good too)
harris grill, i think  your menu is trying too hard.\n\nfirst place i went on my visit to pittsburgh.  menu was a little overly silly, waitress was a little underly friendly/helpful/timely, and food, while decent, was overpriced for the quality.\n\ni may be back to pittsburgh, but won't be back to harris grill
Just around the corner from my work, me and a few coworkers came looking for some play!  We went early and got a cush spot on the top floor with the window.  Clearly it's a hot spot in the neighborhood because it was packed by 7 pm on a Tuesday?!  The outside seating area was buzzing even in the chilly fall weather.  \n\nThe first quenching sip of that half-price RASPBERRY COSMO and I was sold!  Add on some true \"Pittsburgh\" food (I'm talking about putting fries in a salad, oh yes!) and other yummy munchies like a super stuffed chicken quesadilla and our fun time was complete!
Disclaimer: This review is only for their Sunday brunch. Wasn't impressed by their Sunday brunch. Didn't like the presentation of the buffet. It was in a small area and felt kind of cramped. The salad was made with iceberg lettuce and didn't look appetizing. My friends ordered orange juice and each glass was filled to the brim with large pieces of ice, which means that they really just had maybe 1/2 a glass of orange juice. In all, it's really nothing special, just very basic. It was my first time eating at Harris Grill. What seems nice is the patio and if the weather had been nice, we would've sat outside and maybe I would've given it an extra star.
Very good short rib tacos. Long wait for food though.
Sunday night, one week after the Steelers were officially \"out\".  The restaurant was not crowded.  There were (2) 20-somethings and (2) 50-somethings which turned into (2) Burgers (1) Pulled Pork and (1) Angus Salad.  \n\nEverything was done perfectly.  Calamari was spicy, tender and fantastic.\n\nService was good and everyone was friendly.  Almost too dark to enjoy the meal, but ok.  We all agreed that we'd like to go back and try out a few other menu items.  Especially in the summer, to try out the patio!
This gym offers a great selection of classes; however, there are more negatives than positives with this gym. Parking is difficult to come by, and you have to pay. The staff is not so friendly, it's expensive for the quality of equipment, and I wish someone was sitting at the desk downstairs instead of upstairs. \n\nI can't wait for my contract to end; I regret signing one now. There has to be better gyms in the area.
Elbow room has some great things going for it. \n\nIt has a reasonable menu, without being 'bar food'...They changed the menu recently - so the food has changed somewhat - mostly for the better!  The Johnny Appleseed Chicken Sandwich was very good.  Salads are also good choices.\n\nThey moved all of their wine to a wall, so there is no list - you get up and explore.  It's a novel idea - but I wasn't interested in exploring that particular night.  \n\nThey have a back patio, that is often forgotten...so in nice weather, you have a better chance there than at Harris Grill.  \nService is fine.  \n\nAll in all, it's one of my top picks for an average night out.
I just got my hair done at Dean of Shadyside Salon with Valerie. My cut was amazing. She listened to what I wanted out of my hair cut and gave me advice on what I should do to achieve the look I wanted as well. \nI was so excited about my cut, I re-booked for cut and color.
Given the big salon, I think your experience will be highly related to which stylist you chose. I bought a Groupon for a level 3 haircut and moisture treatment. The stylist Ken spent 5 mins for the cutting, 40 mins to blow the hair dry and chatting and forgot the moisture treatment. The technique of the haircut is so poor. There is no layer of the cutting and it is not horizontally on the same level. I think he is not serious about what he did. I will not come for the second time. MCN is much better in this sense. You should definitely try to avoid him as your stylist if you choose to go to Dean of Shadyside.
Typical sports bar with great wings! Kitchen Sink Wings were $.50 each the night we went. The fried zucchini was great as well (more breading then zucchini, but it doesn't matter after a few beers). We also tried the nachos and tater tots, which were fine. Service was great! They also have daily beer specials.
I'd give this joint zero stars if it was possible.  This is the worst spot on Walnut St!  I'm not even sure where to start. The bar is small and overpriced. I had a steak fajita wrap that tasted microwaved.  The vegetables weren't even cooked. This is a place no one wants to--or should ever want to go.
With such great reviews I have been trying! I have been there tree times now and I am not surprised! The prices are reasonable and you get decent food. But thats not what I expected. The chocolate and caramel trotewas bad! The cupcakes were ok but for 1usd you can't expect much. The buttercream wasnt impressive... But the filled croissants with blueberry or the one with cheese were not bad at all. It was not a real croissant but satisfying. Since it is in a really convenient location I will probably go back but without the expectations that I had before.
They have the best Burnt Almond Torte, so Good!   And if you like lady locks their the best I've had also.  Another of my favorites are the little cake cups they make .  There are a variety, like Burnt Almond Torte, Cookies and Cream, Pumpkin cheesecake, Vanilla Raspberry, German Chocolate, and so on.  Its the perfect miniature dessert!\n\nFor my daughters wedding I ordered five dozen of these for the cookie table. They were a nice addition to the cookies and display beautifully.  They were a Big Hit!
Almond torte cake is way too overhyped.  I ordered one after seeing an article on Huffington Post so with a description like that who wouldn't want to try it!?  It's a diabetics worst nightmare, sugar overload. The filling in the middle had a bland taste, nothing special about it. Maybe it's because I ordered the cake and had it shipped to MD that it tasted bad.  People raving about this cake should try middle eastern or Greek bakeries! I gave a two because they have great customer service when emailing back.
Didn't havana go out of biz? I think this is the place with the purple awning. If not, oops! This place is OK. It does have a swanky feel and the martini's are OK but overall it is nothing special. Usually the place is very empty compared to the other bars on Ellsworth.
This is a pricey Japanese grocery store with a wide variety of goods.  I know it better as our Saturday go-to place for BENTO BOXES.  Oh yes, they are so good.  They are made fresh daily by the nice Japanese mom and pop that own the place.  They make sushi as well and it is expensive but it really does taste a million times better than the Giant Eagle stuff.  They also sell SASHIMI grade fish so we tried our hand at sashimi cutting one afternoon as well.
Platinum Blonde Perfection.  Jay works wonders and he has given me the best platinum blonde 'do ever.  It was gorgeous.  My hair looked like corn silk.  If I had boat-loads of money, I'd fly him out to LA every 6 weeks for a touch up.   Go to see Jay...tell him Laura from LA sent you.
I do admit the clothes here are not exactly at the quality that I want, but if you do stop by frequently you can spot some really nice items. And the guy who works there is super nice so make sure you get to know him! He can help you a lot.
Their appetizers are very very good... I also like their daily menu, fresh stuff and high quality ingredients. The salad that comes with any entree is awesome! Overall, excellent. I go there regularly. It usually gets very crowded though, so plan ahead.
Service can be a bit slow at times. Also, I rarely see the place crowded. Still, its a good place to eat. Usually people go for the daily specials, where they give you a big plate with their house salad (delicious), a daily-changing entree, rice and some bread. It's about 10 dollars. They usually have 2 vegetarian and 2 non-vegetarian daily options. I love their limeade (its terrifically bright and fresh, made from real limes). Also, if you happen to be really rich (which I'm not) you might fancy buying some of the Peruvian art they sell in the store. Try touching the pelts on your way out, probably the softest fur you've ever felt in your life. Also, they have fun finger dolls, knit to look like naked people. The nudists sell for about 3 bucks a pop though...
I've been there twice to have dress clothes tailored. The first was for a full suit and a pair of pants. The owner said to return the following Saturday, which I did, and he did not have them ready. Not only that, but he acted like it was my fault I showed back up on time. \n\nSecond time same deal, two pairs of pants, not done on time and when they were done they were not tailored correctly. I'll be going out of my way to a different tailor from now on. \n\nIn addition, the prices are on the very high side without the service or results.
I went there to get my dress hemmed last Wednesday and he said the next Thursday and when I went it to get it the day it was supposed to be done, he hadn't even started and he told me he was working on it right now which was a bold face lie. And when I went back to get it, he charged me for 30 for a simple dress hemming. It is such a rip off. I won't ever go back there.
If you are drunk.... as in silly drunk, loud drunk, agitated drunk, confused drunk, mellow drunk, giggly drunk, lost drunk, or still-have-$5-in-your-pocket drunk... this is where you want to eat. \n\nYou're likely to have amusing memories here as you sort of sober up with other hungry drunk people who are all lured in by the aroma of pizza. Note: the pizza tastes like a slice-of-heart-attack during the daytime, however there is something oh so good about it when eaten at 1:45 am.
One of the worst mgmt companies i have ever dealt with.  The policies in their building are obviously very outdated but they refuse to make themselves better to serve their clients.  As long as they can wipe their hands clean, they are ok with it.  One aspect that they are great at is dishing off responsibility and making zero effort to give the tenants a better experience.  Mgmt does not think how to resolve the issue, instead they will cite a policy to justify why they cannot help you.
Definitely a great place to go if you've had a long night of drinking. They even have a special called the \"Morning After Breakfast\". I found the food greasy, and the pancakes, I wish they had a more regular style. But it's a great place to meet up and catch up with friends! It is cash-only, btw.
I think it's the lack of breakfast places in Pittsburgh that makes Pamela's so popular. I couldn't find anything special here except the value. You really get a lot of food for you money, and it's pretty good food, but it's not spectacular. I'll go on a weekday, but the wait on weekends isn't worth it. I can just stay home and eat cereal, thank you.
Iv'e been to better places. I always forget that they dont take a card so I have to remember to get cash out when I go there. I usually order their omelets. The veggies are always crunchy so I taste more of a raw onion than I do my omelet. The food comes out fast which is great until I tasted the food. I checked it out three or four times  to see if it might be different but the omelets were the same. Raw and crunchy. overall  nice atmosphere, nice service, but the food is blah
Great hotcakes. No so great wait.  The hotcakes are worth trying, but there are other places in Pittsburgh that have much shorter waits that I prefer.
The food here is over the top excessively greasy. So greasy that it made me sick to my stomach before I was done eating my meal. My husband and I split the chocolate chip pancakes and a ham and cheese omelette with potatoes and toast on the side. Not only was everything in a pool of grease, but it seemed to be margarine...not even real butter. I will never eat here again. I am gagging even thinking about this meal let aloe eating it again.
Good food, cooked well, came out hot. Service was also very good. Waitress came back to top off coffees more than once. Prices also good, but cash only. Wouldn't wait if a really long line, but definitely would go early to get a better than average breakfast out.
Nice cozy underground restaurant that serves crepes and a great Cafe au lait.  They have plenty of sweet crepes and a few savory ones.  They could add a couple more savory ones, but otherwise I would definitely eat there again.
Closed on Monday's? And closed 5/30 to 6/1? Wow. The prices on the menu don't seem that bad. But i still cant get over the fact there closed on Mondays. There is a sign posted \"help wanted\" so if anyone reads this and needs a job check this place out. And tell them to open on Mondays. BOOOOO, if they weren't closed I would have never found Square Cafe.
Cash only. We love their Crepes. I don't like latta that much. It is good experience.
Cash only. Cute place, good crepes, good coffee.
Its americanized, but pretty tasty! I love the fried rice and usually just get that. We were getting takeout once and waited at the bar, and the bartender gave us free tastes of the lychee cocktail while we waited! And that was tasty too!\n\nIts also never crowded, its quiet and the service is consistently not bad. \n\nAll that being said though, there isn't really anything special about this place. Its just kind of...eh... Best as take out.
Moving from the Midwest, I was pumped when I found this place at their former location in Squirrel Hill and discovered their vast vegetarian menu. General Tso's soy protein is a winner, although a bit sweet. They retained their veg menu at their Shadyside site and it's the same. Lunch is the way to go here--very expensive otherwise. Beware of soup--kind of got congealed in transit. \n\nOverall, this place holds a special place in my heart as it's very veg-friendly. However there are better Chinese places in PGH.
What has happened to this place? Used to be delicious, but something's changed! Rude host...pointed us to a table (of course the personal cell phone BS going on with a friend was far more important) for a noon lunch, in a nearly empty restaurant. Nor good signs and we should have walked out then. We started with a bland egg roll. Moved on to fair won ton soup. Entrees of cashew chicken and Kung Pao chicken, both on brown rice we're disappointing. Left us both wishing that we had gone for Thai food down the street instead! Save yourself and opt for one of the other fabulous dining experiences in Shadyside!
I love their vegan / vegetarian menu! The food is so good! Just remember to ask them to hold the MSG! \n\nFriendly service. Clean. Nice atmosphere.
The owner stole a bracelet brought in for repairs and has lied over and over about returning it.
Believe it or not, I have never had a Philly cheese steak... until now. \n\nI really liked the decor. It reminded me of a modern diner/ regular bar. The staff were really friendly and clean! Since they cook everything right in front of you, I expected their shirts to be dirty. I was pleasantly surprised! \n\nIt was my first time eating a Philly cheese steak so it was hard for me to rate it. I didn't think they would give you such a long sandwich for only 6 dollars. I was full before I ate half the sub. The meat taste good but it was really dry. Are you suppose to put something else other than lettuce on a cheese steak sub? Overall, it was just okay.
Good food.  Quick delivery.  *CAUTION*  The $2.00 delivery charge is not listed on the menu.  SURPRISE...It's listed on your bill.  *CAUTION*   A tad pricey.  Oh yeah..I live in Pittsburgh now...
Love their coffee.\nThey need to add help in the morning.\nWith all the moms and high school kids ordering double latte whatever's there is a line to the door from 7:45 to 9:00.\nI'm not going to wait for ten minutes for a cup of plain coffee.\nUsually buy beans there and make at home. But now when I want to stop in to grab a cup to go, I go elsewherel\nThey should have someone who only takes straight coffe orders. They would get more business.
This is a very family-friendly, casual seafood restaurant with nice portions and great prices.  They serve both fried and broiled seafood, as well as steak and chicken. I had the broiled salmon with the baked sweet potato and salad bar.  I also tried a vinegar-based cole slaw (think similar to cold sauerkraut) from the salad bar and it was great. The service was friendly, quick, and efficient.
Took my Mom here today for a post Mother's day lunch. It's been about a year since our last visit. Salad bar is a one trip deal only and the salad plates are smaller than I remember last time. Hushpuppies are 2 bite sized and are very good with the right amount of sweetness and onion. My Mom got the senior flounder plate and I got one of the specials which was salt and pepper catfish fillets. Both included a side and the one trip to the salad bar.\nFood was good, but both our flounder and catfish were on the thin side and not very meaty. Service was very friendly and attentive.\nLunch set me back $23 with drinks tax and tip which I thought was really pricey for lunch especially with the thin pieces of fish and considering my Mom ordered off of the senior menu and I got one of the specials.
Always had great food, Try the clam chowder!!!
My biggest complaint deals with packages coming into the facility from private carriers like FedEx. If you've ordered a package and this happens, expect to wait about a week for them to deliver the package. Two day shipping turns into a week and a half. \n\nLong, long wait in lines. No concern for your packages. Terrible delivery - drivers have crammed packages into my box causing damage. If you can afford to, go with UPS.
I love New China. The service is always fast and fresh! The sweet tea is amazing. Yes, Chinese takeout is everywhere but no one can Beat NEW China in Belmont!
These guys definitely know how to make a good pizza. The crust is the perfect blend of chewy with a hint of crunch, totally foldable and delicious! Not only do the make a good pie, they do it quickly, even when it's busy, and get it to your door still hot and tasty. They've officially made it into my phone contact list!
They do take out and delivery! The pizza is tastier than most delivery places. The 10\" is a good size for an individual pizza. The staff was a lot of fun to chat with and answered any questions we had. We will definitely be getting food from them again.
Very good classic New York pizza. I would highly recommend it. If you want to get the best pizza possible make sure you order light sauce. They tend to over do the sauce sometimes but overall great pizza place.
Lobby, restaurant, bar and internet area all look great and new! Room Service was great, fast and efficient. Check in was good, not great! They charge for internet service in the room, that's so 2008!\n\nThis is a typical 80 style building that was retrofitted and remodeled. So The main structure, bathroom and HVAC systems all pose a ongoing problem, no matter the extensive renovation.\n\nFrom a cleanliness perspective the room had spider webs around every corner of the ceiling.
I get really annoyed with these \"fancy\" hotels who don't offer the refrigerator and microwave in their standard rooms, which I can get at a Holiday Inn Express or a Comfort Inn for probably half the price.  \n\nAlso, for the love of all things holy, don't charge people for WiFi in 2011 after they already paid you an arm and a leg for a room that isn't worth it.  That is RIDICULOUS.\n\nThere's at least a half-mile walk (without a sidewalk) to anything except a small convenience store.\n\nThe room was comfortable enough, but no greater than any 3-star hotel I've ever stayed in.
This is a decent hotel.  Decent for a quick over-nighter if you've missed a flight.  But it's not good for longer stays or repeat visits.  The building itself needs updating.  The food at breakfast is OK. But lunch/dinner is like bar food.  Half of the floors don't have vending machines.  One of the floors that does does not offer drinks.  One machine that offered drinks keeps your money without providing a drink.  The other working machine is all out of stock.  Bottled water in the room is $4.00 (before they tack on other BS charges).  Internet access is $9.95 per day.  3G reception in the building is horrible too!  It's missing most of the things that make longer stays tolerable.\n\nI'd recommend staying somewhere else if you can!
I am a fan of the beer selection, and beer selection only- they have a great mix of really good German beer and seem to rotate it seasonally. As for the food, it's not fair for me to comment- I just don't care for German cuisine.
I zoom. I zoom, I walk fast, I multitask - every movement I make is planned for efficiency. Therefore, Jason's Deli is my lunch spot of choice and here is why. I can just walk up to the salad bar kiosk, touch the screen a few times, slide my card and walk two steps to where a smiling person hands me my plate and cup. Quick. I have waited in line maybe one time even when the sandwich line is out the door. \nJason's salad bar is the best I have found. The ingredients are always fresh and the selection is good. Yes I am a fan of Jason's in Pineville.
I was quoted a price for a new pair of glasses and lenses that were in the 50% area. Came back the next day excited to buy the glasses and was told the glasses were not on sale for 50% and that the quote someone gave me the day before was wrong. The new quote was DOUBLE what I was quoted the day before! Not only was I disappointed about the price, but the sale associate was rude and didn't care about what had happened. I will never shop at Lens Crafters ever again. What a horrible experience! I also came in many times before and the employees never helped me. They were just sitting down doing nothing. I honestly don't know how they are able to stay in business if they don't help customers or at least ask.
Seriously, how many F words can you not use on a Yelp review? How do you order app, a salad and three entrees.  Salad came first then bruschetta (wtf) toast and tomatoes and cheese.  Don't give it a sweet name and take 50 minutes to make it.  Also the fact that we order lasagna and you are out of it?  You couldn't tell me that during the 50 mins that you were making bruschetta?  How long does it take to make lasagna?  Wait someone told me longer I'm sorry I didn't go to culinary school, I guess nether did your cooks \"I use cooks loosely\".\nI would recommend a better Italian place but I'm Scottish, I would say stay home drink beer and make macaroni and cheese!
We ordered the lobster and shrimp dip. We had to send it back twice because it was too cheeseeeee.. yes!! The chips kept breaking whenever we dipped it in the sauce because the cheese made it to heavy. They ended up taking it off the bill. We then tried the parmesan chicken and bake potato. It was gooood!!! It was enough for two to share.
Closed, and has been for a long time now.  Last visit garnered a first bucket of stale peanuts which the waitress knew we were going to say yet served them anyway before providing more.  An average steakhouse.
Anything shiny grabs my attention immediately. I easily get distracted in Jared's. I went in to repair a bracelet I purchased over a year ago and I found myself lusting over case after case of jewelry.\n\nJared's offers great customer service. I purchased a couple items from one of their stores in Arizona and the location here was more than willing to help repair without charge. In both locations I've encountered very nice sales staff.\n\nYou cannot go wrong with buying me something at this store!
I used to be in the industry and I know what my car does and does not need.  They couldn't seem to get that, and kept trying to sell me crap.  Over-priced, slow, very dirty, and an overall sketchy vibe.
We stayed at a hampton inn in concord one night, then this hampton the next night. This one was so much better, except for the room we were in. 602 made us both sick, it had a mold or something. The front desk was very courteous in moving us when this was mentioned and the 2nd room was very nice. Breakfast was delish. And the hotel is located in a very nice area, right next to southpark mall and right down the road from carowinds :)
I got stuck overnight in Charlotte and was placed here on a voucher from the airline. As a 20-something girl traveling solo at the time I was really afraid that this place would be sketchy, because I've had horrible luck in the same situation in Atlanta in the past. This hotel is extremely nice, clean, and up to date. The treadmills in their fitness center are awesome! The hotel staff was extremely nice and accommodating. The hotel restaurant was pretty good too. All in all a fantastic experience!
I almost hate writing this review, because Green's is such a Charlotte institution. I almost feel like I'm dissing my adopted city by saying this, but I just don't see what the big deal is about this place. When I first moved here everyone talked about how the hot dogs were as good as The Varsity in Atlanta. News tip: they aren't, and they aren't by a longshot. What's worse, the three or four times I've eaten there the food has been lukewarm and inconsistent. Maybe the hot dog is cold, but the chili is hot. I dunno... I WANT to like this place, but just can't.
Stayed here about a month ago.  This was really a great hotel.  It's very classic feel, but with brand new bedding, TV, and bathrooms so no old dirty feeling in the rooms.  The employees were super nice, I found a good rate online making it a bargain for downtown.  This is where I'll stay next time I'm in Charlotte.
My husband and I visited the Dunhill, originally planning to spend our wedding night there. They are historic, quaint, and conveniently located in Charlotte. Walking in to the check-in desk was a breeze. Everyone was very friendly. Walking through the halls it becomes evident this is an old hotel. It really could use some restoring. The hotel room was small, bathroom was small as well (though they've tried to modernize it with decoration & hardware), and just overall underwhelming. The ceiling had many water spots where water had leaked from above and dried the ceiling yellow. They also have a restaurant in the hotel with good eggs benedict, but for the price, I wasn't impressed. Again, friendly, great historic hotel (which I normally love), but didn't live up to its reputation for us. (We visited before our wedding and booked a room at the Ritz, which in Dunhill's defense, was brand spankin' new.)
First class everything,  service incredible. Great hidden gem in the heart of Charlotte.  I recommend staying.
Back in Aug when I was out in Charlotte a co -worker took me to Alexander Michael's.  This place is a cute neighborhood gem.  I loved it!  It's removed from the main uptown area of Charlotte and it seems like this is the place where locals go.\n\nMy dinner was awesome.  I ordered their blackend cat fish sandwich with fried pickles.  Yum!  Since, fried pickles don't exist in CA, I loved eating them while I was out in Charlotte.  If I'm ever back in Charlotte, I would eat at this place again.   ;o)
As much as it was mentioned in every single tourist guide i could find of Charlotte, this is a homey, family restaurant with soul and a great vibe to it, NOT a tourist-magnet in any way shape of form. The people that work there were down-to-earth and friendly to the core. The service was swift, the mood great, the food delicious. What else to say? Love that place!\n\n\nTIP: Try their fried pickles! Oh my sweet goodness... best culinary surprise I've experienced in years. I was dying to order a second round of them because... wow... they were so good.
A pretty good Morton's and your only option after the South Park location closed.  Located in the basement with lots of wood and leather.  Dinner in the bar area and the dining room a handful of times, and the service is stellar in both.  \n\nLast time I went in though (05/12), they were playing pop music instead of the old standby's and it was really odd, kind of ruined the mood.
For the price I was incredibly disappointed. My steak (medium rare) was totally over cooked. Our waitress forgot to place one of our side dishes so it came out when we were nearly done. Our waitress didn't offer any type of modifications for one of our gluten free diners and completely forgot the extra plates we asked for. \n\nThe only shining items from our meal were the mashed potatoes and wine.
So on day two of my retreat in Charlotte, the ladies planned dinner at Ri Ra. I'd never eaten at an Irish restaurant, so I was excited. I was even more excited to see our amazingly hot waiter with his amazingly awesome Irish accent (so authentic!). \nThe ambience was sorta cool, with this totally traditional vibe to it. Granted we were an extremely large group, but the customer service sorta sucked (the server to our side of the table forgot my sweet potato fries and wanted to bring them out as I was finishing my food). I ordered the pulled pork sliders, and those were pretty good, as was the side of potato salad that came with it. I just wish my fries had come out as well, because they looked amazing on someone else's plate... \nohhhhh welll... guess i'll have to go back again next time!
Authentic Irish feel with a friendly staff and warm atmosphere. Expected selection of draft beers for an Irish Pub. Good selection of bottled beers.
Came here with a friend for lunch and sat on the roof top deck. Aces for that! We started with the fried pickle. Love FP, but these were a poor representation of them. Greasy and the batter was peeling off. I had the brisket with sweet potato, oh! That's right. I didn't get what I ordered. I over cooked greasy fries like everyone else. The brisket was very good thought. It had shoe string onion rings and slaw on it. The meat was a bit over cooked. It was a beautiful day to hand with friends on the sunny deck!
Lights too low, music too loud, not many people inside, drinks too expensive. Plus it costs 5$ just to get in. Def not worth it. Try some where else!
I only gave them 1 star because 0 wasn't an option. Food was mediocre (fries were cold), and we haven't seen our waitress in 45 minutes (writing this review while waiting to ask for the check). I'll write another review tomorrow if I'm still here waiting.
not thrilling, not disappointing.  RB is average across the board.  Try the Hazelnut Crusted Chicken.
The only really great thing I can say about Rock Bottom is their location, it was perfect right before going out on a Friday night, but that's it.  Their menu is WAY overpriced, with nothing really great on it.  I just got the nachos (found as an appetizer) and my friend got the burger.  The nachos were overcooked and semi-stale.  The beer was decent, it's just draft beer here.  Service was good and the atmosphere was fine.  But I don't think I'll be going back anytime soon.
Went here for a pre-show meal. We were looking forward to the beers, and fortunately or unfortunately (depending upon your viewpoint), that was the highlight of the meal. I ordered the ribs, which were dry and not that hot. Also they were not that tender. Their sweet sauce, however, was good, but no sauce can make up for poorly cooked ribs. My wife had the chicken pesto pasta. While that was decent, it wasn't exciting either.\n\nSure, the plates were \"sizeable.\" But PRICEY for what you get. I mean, we could have gone to Aria Italian nearby and gotten a MUCH better quality of food for LESS than this place! I mean, we went here thinking we would get a good value. Unfortunately, it's more than a lot of other comparable places in Uptown.\n\nToo many other choices in Charlotte to come back here.
one extra star because they are consistent, well priced and chicken tempura and chicken teriyaki are tastey. this is my go to spot when i want something cheap and \"asian\"
with a name like presto, i was expecting italian food.\n\ni stayed in charlotte, nc for a week and in a small walk from my hotel room discovered presto.  i had a garden salad which was accompanied by an entire loaf of bread on it's own mini cutting board, and the seafood jambalaya. everything was delicious. there was plenty of shrimp and large scallops in my jambalaya, the bread came with a plate of olive oil and herbs, and the salad's balsamic vinaigrette dressing wasn't too heavy.\n\nnext time i fly out to charlotte i'll most likely eat at presto again.
This place seems to be going a tad downhill. Super disappointed that the drink specials went up. The waiter was super nice, but the service was slow. If you do go, then sit downstairs...it seems that they had better service. Well drinks on Fridays are $5.00 and not worth it. Pizza was decent and the spinach artichoke dip was pretty awesome.
Ok but not fabulous-decor in room was bland.  Quiet with all the things a business traveler could want including business center where you can print out your boarding pass for free.  Great view of uptown and very comfortable beds.
You had to pay $15 per day for Internet access.  The beds were uncomfortable.  The room keys did not work in the parking garage even though they claimed to fix them twice.  The bar us hideously overpriced.\n\nWant a sode in the middle of the night?  Gotta buy it from the gift store before it closes.  1 coke = $300.  \n\nI will NEVER be back.
As an avid book reader (more like book inhaler!) I love the Charlotte library system but I sure don't love this location. Yes, they have a larger selection than any of the regional branches. Yes, they have more (and perhaps better trained) staff than the regional branches. And yes, they have more computers than the regional branches.\n\nBut wow, do they have a completely different customer demographic. How many libraries do you know that have a security office? And the stalls in the men's room have doors that are barely half-height?\n\nIf you're in the neighborhood, then sure, stop in. But I wouldn't recommend making a special trip. You'll have a much better experience at almost any of the regional branches.\n\nNote - there is a drive-up book drop in the back.
Considering I'm staying at the Hilton this week and working at the AT&T building next door, the Coffee Station is the closest java joint to get my caffeine fix in the morning and during the 2 to 3 PM lull.\n\nI must say that the several times I've been here so far, service has been incredibly friendly and they make tasty coffee.   I just had their breakfast sandwich and a large coffee this morning and the total for both was under 4 bucks.   Wow, really?   All I get for that at Starbucks is a lame scone.   And service here was far superior to the service I get at Starbucks.   The only thing I'll give Starbucks over Coffee Station is the quality of the coffee.     Still, me like very much.
All I can say is that A) I had no other option then to go with Time Warner Cable for my internet service \n\nand B....\n\nIf you don't have a local number it will be an absolute NIGHTMARE to pay your bill! You can go through the ring of automated messages only to get to a live person (after 10-15 min) then be told they will charge you so you must go through the automated service ....(repeat ). I cringe when it comes time to pay my bill each month.\n\nIf you are lucky enough to avoid using them -I suggest you do so !
TWC IS THE WORST!\n\nUnfortunately, TWC has basically monopolized the Charlotte area.  I am very jealous of all the people who have AT&T Uverse available to them.  I have contemplated DirectTV because TWC is so awful.  Every few months the \"promotion\" on my plan runs out and when I call they say they are giving me the best possible promotion that they usually don't give to any other customer by taking $5 off...how generous.  They really don't care if their customers are unhappy because they know they have no other choice for digital TV.  If you have other options, USE THEM!
Some of the worst service ever.  I called to cancel service and was transferred to retension.  After 53 minutes on the phone and trying to cancel service, I somehow agreed to keep the service for 6 months at a significantly reduced rate.  I then recieved  the bill the next month and the price had no change.  I called and they wrote in there notes some  othert agreement.  I asked to speak to manager and they denied me.  I told them I want my service canceled now and that I was not going to pay the bill.  They said no.  I asked for the manager he said no.  He then said if I ask for manager he will need to hang up.  He hung up.  His name is Jesus and will not give any other identification to me.  He is in the retention department.  If you are the manager of this employee, please review his work.
After taking three afternoons off work to wait for technicians that never showed up, my internet was finally installed, at which point I was informed that even though I ordered wireless, wireless isn't available unless you pay an extra $11 monthly fee for the router. The technician (a very nice guy) advised me to purchase my own router, which I did. When I called Time Warner to register the IP, I was informed that there is a separate $7 a month fee to use your own router.  HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE COMPANY. I hope all the CEOs get halitosis and their wives leave them for John Mayer.
I'm maybe I'm missing something here because I found the place to be really underwhelming. The service was excellent friendly and fast but the food was . . . eh. I kept getting a 'chemical taste' off of the food and I'm not normally someone who is sensitive to that kind of thing, I got the brisket tacos and they ended up being 1) kind of chemical artificial tasting and 2) watery from the salsa. Not really a good combination. Maybe I chose poorly but I wasn't impressed at all.
A bunch of friends from out of town and I had brunch here a little while back. While the place is kinda fancy (perhaps too fancy for us, considering we had just dragged ourselves out of bed after a long night out on the town), with serious waiters and a sorta stuff ambiance, the place serves great food. Not unsurprisingly, it's kinda expensive. Now that I think of it, we were the only people eating there who were under 30, so make of that what you will. Definitely not the place for a mellow, quick meal. \n\nLike I said, the food is great. I had a great benedict with coffee and cranberry juice. My friend has french-style pancakes, which he said were amazing. Worked for us. \n\nGrab a nice Bloody Mary here and then head out to enjoy a Sunday downtown. Good plan.
A few of us went here for lunch on a Friday and while the food was very good the service was very slow and inattentive.   \n\nI had the Blue Petit Mignon and the portion size was just right for lunch.
After having an awful, overpriced breakfast at the Courtyard Marriott - Charlotte City Center the morning before, I consulted Yelp to find a place within walking distance that wouldn't give me indigestion.\n\nI recommend the eggs benedict at the Monticell ($9). The eggs were poached perfectly, the hollandaise sauce was nicely seasoned and the cheese grits were a tasty side.\n\nThe service could have been a bit more attentive, and it's not cheap, but I would recommend the Monticello to anyone looking for a good breakfast in this part of Charlotte.
I had always heard good things about Mert's and was pleasantly surprised to see that they opened up at 9 a.m. on Saturdays and Sundays for brunch when most Charlotte restaurants don't open for brunch until 10 a.m.  I figured brunch would be a good introduction to Mert's and also allow us to try another brunch place that opened earlier.\n\nWe were seated and received excellent service from our server.  Unfortunately, the brunch/breakfast options seemed very limited and their taste was just average.  We crossed Mert's off our list as a feasible brunch option II wouldn't recommend it for this time of day) but may return to give their lunch or dinner a try.  I do love a good fried catfish!
Hit up merts for dinner last night..  Had the Fried catfish and Beef rib combo.  Whole fried catfish was a little tough to negociate the bones and didnt not yeald much fish. \"The beef rib\" was chopped up and in a small pile bones and all.  Like other have said the goodness in in the sides..  Mac and Cheese was real and had a nice crust on the top and the corn bread was good.. athough the piece my wife got looked like it was in the oven a littlel too long and dried out a bit.  Overall decent stop
Mert's is one of those places you would see on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. The decor has a quintessential southern comfort feel and will make any out of towner feel welcome. \n\nI don't suggest eating lunch here though; if it happens, it's a wrap. You'll be knocked out like a newborn after boobie feeding. Service is good, food is decent and overall an okay spot to grab a meal.
The food was alright and I thought that the portions were a good size. But i think that the service was absolutely terrible. My friend and I walked in and two women at the counter ignored us for a couple minutes, said they would be with us in a second, continued to ignore us until we finally asked if we could just seat ourselves and they just said yes. We then sat ourselves - and waited for about 15 minutes before someone came up and asked if we were going to be eating there. From then on out - the service still was not very good and everything took a long time. The waitress wouldn't even look at us when we were ordering - as if she just did not care. The food definitely does not make up for the terrible service. I will not eat there again.
I've eaten at Merts a few times and even received a free birthday meal which included a drink. Very impressed. My favorite dishes are the salmon cakes and the rice and beans with turkey sausage but that dish tends to be too salty at times. Overall, nice place to eat.
Thank you Yelp!  We were in town visiting and decided to try this place for lunch based on its good reviews.  Yelpers were right on - delicious (and affordable)!  We loved the cornbread, candied yams, collard greens, carolina chopped bbq, mac & cheese, green beans, and black eyed peas.  Generous portions too.  Full of atmosphere and it was still busy at 3pm.  \n\nWe definitely recommend Mert's.
My friend and I were driving from DC and finally made it to Charlotte. We've never been to Charlotte, North Carolina and was craving some serious Southern food. We came in and it was really busy. I ordered the fried chicken breast with sides of collard greens and mac and cheese and my friend ordered the Whiting poboy. The collard greens reminds me of Vietnamese mustard and greens and was so good. That is probably the best friend chicken I've ever had. The skin was flavorful and the meat was juicy and tender. Many times friend chicken comes out really dry, but not at Mert's. Of course I completed my Southern meal with some sweet tea.
I liked the atmosphere but the food was WAY too salty.  Just didn't care for it.
Had dinner last night here. The food left a lot to be desired. Reputation aside the salmon cakes had no seasoning and the ribeye was tough. Really disappointing. I've been here before when I come to Charlotte and had better food. Hopefully, this was a one-off.
Delicious Southern food!\n\nThe cornbread was so good. I got BBQ Beef Ribs, with Mac & Cheese, Collard Greens, and Yams. The ribs were full of yummy NC vinegary flavor, the mac was cheesy and good, the collard greens were tangy and flavorful, and the yams were savory and sweet. For my first dinner in Charlotte, I was def satisfied.\n\nPrices are decent, and the service is good.\n\nParking can be a little tough. My best suggestion would be to park in one of the nearby structures, bc there really isn't street parking.
Another big soul food spot downtown. If you are looking for chicken, ribs, and other down south delights you are in the right place. The restaurant Is on the small side so there is usually await. But the cornbread is defiantly worth the wait outside if the door. I usually get the fried chicken wings and Mac and cheese.\n\nGood spot to grab dinner, casual, will fill you up.
Not the best soul good I've ever eaten. My collard greens mixed with mustards? Were tough. The fried chicken was standard not anything to rave about. Salmon cakes were good. Mac n cheese can pass for soul food. Yams were great! Corn bread mediocre, overall it was okay. Don't believe the hype, especially if you were brought up on Mamas soul food cooking.
Only went there during happy hour. There was a great drink selection, but it was so crowded the service was not great.
Disappointing. My wife and I came here to celebrate her birthday, but the slow and unresponsive service negated the romantic ambiance and decent meal. Considering how empty the restaurant was the night we were there, it shouldn't have taken 20 minutes for us to get a plate of bread and 2 glasses of water. \n\nThe food was good, but not particularly memorable. While we enjoyed the Lobster Mac n' Cheese, the scallops I ordered for a main course were bland, and my wife was equally unimpressed with her chicken dish. When time came to order coffee and dessert, we headed up the street to the Capitol Grille. \n\nMimosa Grill boasts a great Uptown location and an elegant atmosphere. But with the wide selection of outstanding dining options in Charlotte, I wasn't sufficiently impressed to go back.
I had a great meal with friends had drinks they had all we wanted! The staff was great not rude like the kings kitchen the food was great! thank you so very much! I shall keep coming back! Come here leave the kings kitchen food is great looks great staff out of this world!
This place is a craphole. My friends and I have gone for a 2 AM breakfast a couple of times (I know that seems weird but it's cheaper than eating at the diner that caters the breakfast!) and the people working there are absolute dicks. The girl at the front door acts like she's the hottest thing since sliced bread. The girls that walk around are bit*hes unless you're throwing wads of money out. I jokingly told one of the girls that my friend wanted a lap dance and within 5 minutes he came back really mad. He said she danced and he handed her $30 and she said \"NO! It's $60!\"  That's crazy considering the girls don't even look very good! Maybe I'm biased because I'm not a strip club kind of guy but this place is a bad way to end a good night
Even with the munchies at 2am this place is bad. I've eaten here and at the one in South End and both are a waste.  I usually just eat at the Pita Pit or risk a bacteria infection and eat from one of the street vendors(the chicken on a stick is might damn good!) by The Forum.
The two stars are for one thing.. The SLICE.  It is a descent piece of pie that would only be completely wonderful at 3am after a long night of drinking.  Other than that, this place is grimy, creepy, and nasty.  I would suggest trying one of the other Fuels outside of the city.. Trust me.  \n\n-Ian M.
Ok im not going to say that i dont love coming here. The service is great, the ambience phenomenal, the manager is actually italian, etc. I love coming here for dinners or just a bite at the bar, but like with the rest of cuisine in Charlotte, its just not awesome. I believe its because the water in CLT sucks. \n\nGrilled octopus is the best thing on the menu. Hands down
My wife and I went last night for a \"date night\" and were very pleased. Very romantic, quiet, well-decorated. The bar was comfortable and they had a great selection and service (friendly but not too chatty). The staff was overall what really made this experience so good. Every person was friendly, knowledgable, and fun. The dinner was very good although we didn't care too much for the flash-fried calamari. \n\nWe would absolutely recommend this wonderful restaurant and will be coming back.
I headed over to here after roller derby shenanigans one Thursday night. Thursdays at Hartigans are karaoke night so I was kept pretty entertained.\n\nThe interior is nice-- almost sport-bar-y by feel rather than a pub. Brightly lit, and more tables and bar seats than booths. \n\nThe bartender wasn't exactly rude to me, but not particularly nice either.\n\nI snacked on some fries while I was there- pretty subpar. The beer selection was mediocre and definitely a pinch more pricey than the quality I got.\n\nOne great thing though, I have to mention, about this place is it is GLBT friendly and not flamboyant about it. In the south, that isn't as common so yeah. Props for that.
Strange little place hidden on 5th St. in uptown that for some reason stays packed. Of course, it's not really hard to pack this place, as small as it is. It does seem to be popular though, probably mainly due to the scenery of the bartenders. \n\nUnfortunately, you only get a glimpse of them as you grab a drink and try to stay out of the crush. And good luck getting back to your group or your table without spilling half of your drink, if you are lucky enough to find a place to sit.\n\nLive bands and, more often, DJs are in there spinning some decent tunes, but Phil's is more often a staging point for the rest of the evening, a springboard to bigger places and better things.
Until Del Frisco showed up, best steak and best wine list in town!!!  Now...it's a toss up.  Wait staff is extremely knowledgable and friendly.  Go light on the app's, everyone...the steaks are ridiculously large.  They've got one of those wine lists that is made for every single person that can walk through that door...great whites and great reds...excellence whether you're staying under 20 bucks, or if you're budget is big time.  Also, the bar out front is a great place to enjoy some happy hour and watch the cougars on the prowl...fun people watching.
The steak was cooked to perfection  .  Staff  is very friendly. Nice place to hang out.
This the most ultramodern, upscale place I've been to in a long time.  This little place is tucked away inside the Marriott City Center and is a really treat to go to.  Very high class, boldly decorated and has some awesome food.  It's expensive (as you would expect) but it's worth it. The veal was a mouthwatering experience to say the least.  The servers were very impressive, they were very attentive and you could tell they really wanted us to have a good experience.  But the best part of the meal is always the dessert and I have four words for you, Krispy Kreme bread pudding.  That is all.
Must say that Bulleit Burbon is very hard to find and this place had it.  SCORE!! Dark leather, dark wood, great conversation areas, lots of cigar smoke and great service.  Didn't have to buy a cigar, the place was a blue-grey haze of smoke.   \n\nKind of wonky getting into the place.  It's not really in the hotel but it is.  You have to walk in the breezeway before the lobby.  Door is a bit unexpected, but not hidden.  Not their fault, but in a sense it adds to the ambiance.
Bland franchise with a terrible uni color scheme and brutal logo. Other than the one season Jake Delhomme did not play like the mediocre QB he is, that's it. I defy anyone outside of Carolina to name a player on the Panthers. Julius Peppers does not count as he just left.\n\nI do love one thing; Coach Fox likes to call the onside kick at the most unlikely times and they often work.
A well kept secret! If you are looking for wine treats, you have to check this out. It is like a little wine store located right inside the department store. They do tastings and classes and have a special room for the fine stuff.. I have only just peeked through the glass, but YUM!
Great Turkey Grinder!
The Arthur's menu offers a wide variety of options, including burgers, sandwiches, wraps, soup, salad, & grinders...plus wine desserts & other treats.\nA great spot found in Southpark Mall, to avoid the food court and maybe select something a little healthier.
It's definately meat-markety as previously stated. It's a place you gotta wanna go. If you're lookin for a relaxing evening then don't go here- simple as that. If you feel like taking a stranger home - this is a prime destination. Everyone is beyond trashed, normally. And o-yea, the more clevage you show the quicker you'll get your drink. Hey, I'm not opposed to using womenly wiles. \n\nI wasn't terribly impressed by the music but then again I rarely listen to the radio anymore. Anyhow! Huge space, sticky floors, gross bathrooms, and lots of horny people ..... sometimes you just want that.
I am not sure why SF folks have a problem with Charlotte restaurants but maybe they should give Zebra's, Barrington's, Bonterro or Nobles a try prior to giving up on Charlotte.\nLavecchia's is a bit noisy once it gets crowded but the seafood is pretty good (yes Upstream is better, but a bit new something for my taste). Try the their version of  Oysters Rockefeller  (not authentic but very tasty). Plus they have free parking in the building.
I sat at the bar to try out Lavecchia's during Queen's Feast, Charlotte's Restaurant Week, fixed price 3-course menu. The atmosphere was nice & attentive. I didn't see the hostesses smiled once during the meal. Not sure what's up with that. I ordered the loster bisque, grilled Atlantic salmon & chocolate layer cake. The bisque was lukewarm at best. The salmon was tasty & the only redeeming part of the meal. The chocolate cake was cold & hard. If this place is deciding to dog it for what is supposed to be a showcase week for restaurants that's pathetic. If that's just how it is here then that's bad given their price points. Either way, I won't be coming back.
This place is a cool place in Charlotte.  They have Salsa dancing on Thursdays that can get pretty busy.\n\nI usually come here midweek, but hear that  weekends are fun too.  The bald headed bartender was very friendly and knowledgable.  The IPA I had was really good (but just a tad warm).  I am staying at the Holiday Inn across the street so this is a good low-key find right next to my hotel.   Was described as a Bank Of America bar and not a Wachovia Bar, I guess the two of them compete in this town?!?!.........Kidding.  Have fun.
Drink prices are high but the dancing is fun!
this place is fun because it is on the light rail line.   things here do tend to be expensive, but i will say the sushi is yummy and normally priced.  the tizerts cakes are so delish i would eat them until i died.
Trendy-looking on the inside, which immediately ups the cool factor.  An ex-boyfriend took me here on a date and we enjoyed it.  I liked all the food we had except the foie gras; not necessarily the restaurant's fault, I just didn't like the texture.  I didn't want it, but Brian let me have a bite.  The wine sampler with dessert was a lot of fun.  The service was great....I'm just not sure it was worth the price.
I have been here three times now. For some reason a lot of my coworkers really like it. It's a popular lunch-time destination. \n\nThey are known for their southern, Louisiana style dishes. I would say it's just pretty typical, heaving-tasting foods. Their gyros are not bad actually, but the creole with shrimp and blacken fish I had as a lunch special were just too salty and heavy for me. I'm sure some who love their soul food would appreciate it, but it wasn't for me. \n\nIt gets pretty crowded during lunch hours, and the spaces are quite tight.
I like to refer to this place as.... The Key Shack! If you drive by, that's exactly what it looks like: a little shack in the middle of Park Road Shopping Center. It make look a little sketch (there was some homemade BBQ for sale next to the Shack when I was here a few weekends ago), but they get the job done.\n\nI went here after a referral from a friend. I was looking for a hard to find key to duplicate for one of the uptown residential buildings. Sure enough, they had the key here. I had a new key and exchanged cash in about 5 minutes. If you have a hard to find key to duplicate - this is your spot!  Plus... one you're done you can stroll through the rest of Park Road Shopping Center if you so desire (cupcakes, coffee, Michael's, antiques, it's all here).
I went in here when I had some time to kill while a watch was being fixed, and really liked it.  The layout was a little tough to figure out at first - hard to know if a book would be in new releases, fiction, bestsellers, etc.  but the staff is very helpful.  They also have great cards, journals and other gifts.  I love that they have a big jigsaw puzzle on a table with chairs around it if you want to sit down and work on it while someone else is shopping.
Don't eat anything but the chicken. Everything else is nasty. Charlotte should be a BBQ mecca, it isn't because of the chains. Go back to Florida, they like it there.
I have to agree with Todd W. on this one...this place consistently shows \"winners\"...no joke...it seems like the majority of the movies that are shown here win some type of award! Oscars, Golden Globes etc.\n\nSo, yes, I like this theater because they show great movies and those movies tend to stick around a bit longer in the theater. The inside is nothing to really write home about - it's a bit older, but the location is super convenient to SouthPark and MP/Dilworth. Concessions are standard - expensive, yet always a necessity in my book. You'll likely pay the same prices here as you will at other theaters, but the film selection is really why you'll make the trip. \n\nI know I'll be back to Park Terrace Theaters soon...probably to see some half-indie flick that will be nominated for an Oscar!
Ride the Intimidator. Some say to visit the great wall of China before you die...I say tide the Intimidator.
I will never go here again. Last Saturday, I paid for my ticket and headed in. Unfortunately, after waiting nearly two hours for the Nighthawk, it was put out of service, as were some others in the park that day. This has happened to me several times at Carowinds and I really don't understand how their coasters malfunction daily, sometimes multiple times. After purchasing a ticket, I literally got to ride one ride, for which I also waited over an hour. And of course their were no refunds even though it was their issue.
We went this past Sun and overall had a great time. My only issue, and why I'm on Yelp, is the food. Just horrible and way, way, way overpriced.\nI would suggest spend the extra $10 for preferred parking and bring a cooler. Don't buy any food in the park. Out of desperation my sons a I had 2 slices with 2 breadsticks. Survey says-I've had MREs that tasted better.\n                              Oh yeah, $14 by the way.\nPreferred parking is only $10. Bring your own chow and have a great time.
Small park, over priced food, we paid $55 for 3 slices of pizza , 2 orders of chicken wings that were the smallest flavorless wings we have ever had, and 2 beers.....never again....pack food
It's Carowinds. Some good rides. Most surrounded by stuff you won't ride or games you won't waste money on. The kids will have fun, no doubt. The people are nice enough. The group hospitality is very good with great brisket and chicken. They make you feel welcome. Just enjoy it.
If you have been to Disney or even Chi-fil-a this place will disappoint you with their horrible customer service. Perhaps when 80% of your staff are 18 yrs and younger you need to instill respect, courtesy and the customer is always right b/c they just dropped a freakin mini fortune on this crappy amusement park that post hours of operations for stores and restaurants as suggested times. And you only get 1 star because I couldn't leave it blank
First off a came in and the guy didn't acknowledge me, and when he thought it was a decent time to ask me if I needed help. I told him that I called for tires cause I had a flat then, the guy said wait a minute and helped a guy who just wanted air in his tire so I waited for them to finish and he said how can I help you again and I said I would like a tire, then he asked for my keys said have. I been here before then said you can sit down now. If I wasn't form another city I wouldn't have come but I'm in a tight situation so I had to bite the bullet. Never again tho
In Oct. my son that is at  UNCC had a nail in his tire. The person at Tire Kingdom told him he needed 3 new tires., THe car is dented and has over 151,000 miles on it.We told him to match the tread. Instead of giving him options of prices they put on$ 184.00 tires EAC on the vehicle. I called very upset the next morning and the manger said he would not give me an exchange nor would he give me any money off. He offered a 4th tire with a $70.00 rebate and would discount an oil change! This is taking advantage of a young consumer and  in my opinion a terrible way of doing business. I would NEVER recommend this company.
Crime is a problem!  I had my phone and keys stolen from me while I was in the pool at Dowd.  My babysitter had her car broken into in the Dowd parking lot as well. Both of these events took place within the last 2 months.  It is not worth working out at a place where you and your property are unsafe.
This ymca is very large.  It has 4 floors to exercise.  Like 10 racket ball rooms.  Towel and rags are ease of access to shower and etc.  The downside is that most hours of the day it is crowded because it is located downtown.
Very RUDE management- we had to wait over an HOUR to get our car out of valet while we watched people leave left and right...we mentioned this to several people - we were offered many excuses to find out in the end that they completely misplaced our CAR! I would have been satisfied if they had offered us a drink- our table spent over $200 on our dinner- we didn't even get an apology...I wrote a letter and everything!\n\nThe waitstaff was friendly- the meal was ok - nothing special considering Charlotte has plenty of great restaurants . Restaurants have a lot to do with relationships- and they killed mine with this one.  Bottom line the food wasn't THAT good to warrant my return...
They're trying so hard for swank. They really are. But they're failing. And it leaves me feeling blue. The bar is understaffed, they don't have a great selection, the decor is predictable (although they do have a nice set of high tables) and the lighting is a bit weird. It is a good place to have a good conversation though - just be warned, it might leave you feeling blue too.
I went on a Saturday at lunch not very busy ... Friday I went by for lunch and it was busy with the downtown office people. Service and food was great... got the dragon and volcano rolls very good! And tasty fried dumplings... if I ever find myself in Charlotte again I will return.
I've come here on and off a bunch of times over the years and never had a less than solid meal.  The food is \"b+\" Asian cuisine and the service is always rock solid.  For a quick, tasty and convenient meal if you are nearby, this a very good choice.
Solid sake menu and the staff was helpful in deciding which one to go with. Sushi rolls had an interesting spin but nothing out of the ordinary.
Great venue for a wedding - I attended a couple of weddings here and the chapel is very quaint.  If you like historic little places with lots of character and don't want to get married in an actual church, this is a great option. It is also centrally located between midtown & uptown districts, which is nice if you have people coming from out of town or simply from different sides of town. There is a beautiful garden outdoors with lots of trees and a sweet little gazebo which is perfect for those wedding photos.
Adams 7th St Market is a great deli on the corner of Hawthorne and 7th St.  They have excellent sandwiches, soups and pastas.  You can get a sandwich \"roll\" (medium sized) or hero (large sized).  I opted for a honey turkey club and found the roll size to be just right.  This particular sandwich was delicious: loaded with honey turkey, coleslaw and bacon.  I also enjoyed a side of pesto pasta salad - there were quite a few sides to choose from.  Prices are moderate, service was very quick, and the interior was comfortable and clean.  Highly recommended for lunch!
Food was really good and they have a great wine selection.  I will say we got there at 6:45 and the place was already packed full and the bar too.  Had to stand around for a bit.  Just my husband and I so we have some wine, waited for our table and had a really good time just of the two of us.  Great for date night, little crazy with a group of people.
For the first time ever I ate at mama ricotta's tonight with my family, I went because my cousin told me it was good.  We ate family style and it was pretty good, I wasn't a fan of the caesar salad because the dressing taste like a tangy mayo.  Other than that it was pretty tasty food.  The service was excellent, our waitress was really nice and very promp.  We were in and out really fast, the longest wait we had was to be seated and that was about 10 minutes or so.
Food was terrible service was ok. We were told it would be a 30-45 minute wait and it turned into an hour and a half wait. Totally not worth it.
One of my favorites.  The food and service are always excellent.   Whatever you have, ending with the bread pudding (not listed on the menu) and the tiramisu are a must!!!!
I used to work here.  I miss it and the people.  Owned by Twiggy, she puts everything into this place.  The selection is insane and they still carry VHS!!!  Sure, you can go online and watch your crap but the whole purpose of this place is the local feel.  The non-corporate working man little video store that we all love and enjoy.  Staff has changed over the years.  Sure, there have been a few rudes ones. Overall this place is passionate about films and preserving the idea that people can still walk into a video store and just talk about movies.  I miss that.....\n\nLook for \"PICK\" stickers to help guide you in your selection.
Horrible customer service. Unless you are into horror movies or The Simpsons the people working the counter can't give you a honest review. However they will make fun of your movie selections and treat you like crap. Can't wait to go back!!
The staff were condescending and outright rude. \n\nThe place smells of a dentist's office, they don't have that much variety in their product, and the prices are subpar.\n\nAfter getting snapped at by one of the workers when I asked if they had any 52mm lens caps (the place they're normally kept was out), I decided to wander around and observe their interactions with other customers. It was much of the same. I watched them deal out the same condescending attitude and impatience with other people who came in. \n\nI'm impressed they can stay in business, honestly. My recommendation: just go online...
I went to Femme Fest at the Visulite and saw some great female performers. I really like the Visulite - with its cool but cozy interior. The only downside is that the floor is pretty tiny. I've stayed on the level just above the floor every time I've been there and ended up sitting at a table (and I'm normally a stand-right-by-the-stage concert-goer).\n\nI've also been impressed with the service at the bar each time I've gone. I guess I just expect to wait forever for a drink, but I've always had fast, attentive bartenders at the Visulite. Definitely check out a show there.
I've been going to the Visulite since it opened.  It's my favorite live music venue in Charlotte.  So many great bands have hit this stage.  Most of the staff have worked here since the beginning.  Great atmosphere.  Many wonderful memories!
Terrible service! We were overcharged thanks to the waiters inability to split a bill - each couple on a separate tab - a normal thing to do in a restaurant - NOT HERE! They tally up the whole table and divide by the number of credit cards given and charge each one the same amount regardless of what each couple ordered. Do not make the mistake of going with friends and expecting the restaurant to be able to give separate tickets seems you have to sit across the room from each other and pretend not to know each other in order for that to be possible. Food was not what it used to be. Will remove this restaurant from our list of places to go.
Best sushi I have had in Charlotte!
Delicious, good service, one of our favorites places to eat.\n\nHighly recommend the sesame tofu - it is some of the best tofu I've ever had at a restaurant.
They serve THE BEST roti canai!! MUST EAT!! Highly recommendeddddddddddddddddddddddddd!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Who knew that Charlotte would have some of the biggest and well-stocked comic book stores, I've ever seen?\n\nHeroes is well-located, with a floor layout that makes sense. Open, inviting, bright and cheery, with a friendly staff that is neither too geeky or cool.  Massive amounts of comics, a smaller collection of figures; you can peruse until your heart's content.\n\nI'm not a hardcore comic book fan, but I love checking them out.  What I enjoy about Heroes is that it's environment that is welcoming to both intense enthusiasts and also passerbys.
I have ordered hot subs and for some reason they don't understand that not everyone wants white american. I gave them two chances and they haven't gotten it right yet! I will go to Sub Station across the street from now on!
Great tailoring hands down. I've had jeans taken in, dresses altered and hems taken up - all perfectly done. I will say, though, that you get what you pay for, i.e. it's not affordable tailoring.  A pair of jeans cost $20 to be taken in, and $20 for hemmed pants or dress. While I personally think it's worth it for expert tailoring, others may think it's a bit overpriced for some of the basic tailoring. \n\nAlso, the staff are all very nice and will give very helpful tailoring advice when asked. You can trust your nicest pieces here - they are in good hands!
My man does it again.  Have taken 5 jackets to him now to tailor.  He has advised me on brands to buy that fit my build, told me to pass on tailoring pieces that will never fit me correctly, and repeatedly deliver quality work.  Highly recommend.
big Ethiopian sized portions .. Your best bet is take a fellow heat seeker and get a combo plate , we had fish , chicken and veggies combo.. The veg was mostly lentils with a handful of lettuce salad but hit the spot. They also have a few bottle beers and that Honey Wine that they are famous for. Moderately priced I'll be back whenever I visit Charlotte. I live in Atlanta but to me this type of food is missing in Charlotte bcz I didnt see many foreigners around town. Don't go if you don't eat hot food but if you haven't had this type of cuisine the waitress seemed more than willing to explain what the dishes are .. And oh, don't expect fork and knife , the food is eaten with Injeera, ethiopian bread that resembles a sponge. It has a sour tastes from being fermented.
Good chinese takeout here, seems to be hard to find.  This is the Hoho Cherry House.  The Hoho China Bistro is no more, but I heard it moved here.\n\nThe lunch specials are a good value, but the food here is right about average.  General Tso's is OK.  This is more along the lines of a Panda Express, but mom and pop owned.  For that, I expected more.  Nothing to rave about, but not terrible either.
Ho Ho Cherry House is my favorite Chinese. \n\nMy criteria for picking Chinese consists of a crispiness factor - I usually get sesame chicken or General Tso's -and nothing is grosser then soggy chicken covered in thick sauce\n\n....This place does it just right - and its very very affordable (think very casual Chinese restaurant definitely not upscale!) - nice crispy/ light chicken complete with  pretty good although not super memorable side items such as fried rice and an egg roll. For me though, personally they have the crispy chicken nailed - so Im in!
This might be the worst Chinese I've ever tasted in my life...and i'm a college student so I've had a lot. I don't have a car so i ordered the sesame chicken and the beef with broccoli to go...two of my favorite standby dishes. the sesame was way too battered and was smothered with the sauce so much that i was literally scraping it off. it's really like eating fired dough with cherry jelly stuff...nasty. and the beef with broccoli was worse! it tasted like the \" brown sauce\" was day old gravy and the meat was like the mystery meat that you'd get at a middle school cafeteria. on second though i think my cafeteria was better. and the broccoli tasted acidic. it was just so gross id rather have just ordered pizza. seriously, don't go here.
Nothing special.  Went during winter, and while they still served frozen yogurt, I didn't get a chance to try it.  The rest of the foods were basic concession-stand items.  Burgers, hot dogs, fries, onion rings, etc.  Would probably be nice for a visit in the summer, but not exactly a lunch destination.
Decent food.  No desire to go back for a second try.  Salad was good but the fried chicken is very bland.  I don't know why the place is supposedly known for fried chicken but it does not even break my top 10 for fried chicken.  I'm from the south and know fried chicken.  It was tender but very, very bland.
I cannot believe this place exists! How is it competitive in Charlotte?\nThe flavors are absurdly overdone: super salty, super sweet, and conflicting in that they pair savory with super sweet and drown it all out.\nI may have an answer: the place is filled with the elderly. Maybe it's \"The Walking Dead\" tongues. Seriously, the youngest person there was in their early 50's. It's like a \"speak-easy\" for the rich elderly...it just keeps afloat by a secret handshake that acknowledges you are in a terrible place but you can be old there without the riff-raff.\nAlso, it is terribly expensive for the low quality they are putting on the plate. Even the drinks are super sweet.\nAVOID AT ALL COSTS!
Now Ive never been to New Orleans but I love this place!!! Its perfect for my boyfriend and I to go! We love the drinks and the free entertainment oh and the fried oysters!!! I would recommend the Hurricane Drink so good! \n\nThe Service is always good and friendly!
One oft favorite joints in Charlotte. Between the jazz band, etoufee, and shrimp& grits this place takes the cake.
I have been to this place plenty of times. I have always had good meals and service. But tonight was bad. I went ther with my wife's work friends. We sat at the bar tables and had a bartender named Bo(very red hair)   We had About 8 people and he insisted that if we sit at the tables we have to order food, which we had planned to do. He seemed annoyed with us because we just ordered fried oysters and lots of drinks(it was Friday and happy hour, so we were sitting around chatting and drinking)  we were actually going to order an entre and stay for dinner but Bo seemed very disinterested in us, until it came time to pay the bill, then he was really nice(tip time! Overall the food is good there, but Bo did not make it a pleasant experience. Smile Bo, it will get you far in life!
What a pleasant surprise!! The fried oysters are the best ever and so is the Diane! I had it with the crawfish and shrimp. Even the garden salad was good to be pretty simple! Definitely a great value! My family and I will be returning:)
Had dinner here in the upstairs dining room near the live band.  The food was excellent and the portions were generous/filling.  The BBQ shrimp appetizer is tremendous.  An excellent way to start your meal.  \n\nThe food is prepared well and in a timely manner.  I had blackened catfish with veggies (very well prepared and large portion) and thought it was phenomenal.  I thought the gumbo could be a bit better, but overall, the meal was really good.\n\nService was solid as well.  Can be tough to converse if you dine in the room with the band...they are really good but, as expected, it is pretty loud.  Overall a very good place to have a meal.
The Cajun Queen is a really nice neighborhood restaurant for me. The service is consistently good especially in the bar. I love the atmosphere and the live Dixieland jazz is a wonderful plus.\n\nWhat troubles me now and has troubled me from the first time I started going to the CQ : it seems like the kitchen believes everything must be really hot (spicy) since it's a Cajun restaurant. But some things just shouldn't be hot. Tonight I ordered the crawfish scampi appetizer. Scampi is generally shellfish flavored with garlic and herbs. Red pepper flakes are sometimes added but not as a predominant flavor. The CQ  added so much chili that it overpowered the crawfish. There is not a lot of difference between the scampi and etouffee which is supposed to be hot. If they would just not be so heavy-handed with the Cajun spices.....
Interesting concept, having a restaurant in a kind of living family house, but that is common for the upscale Elisabeth area in Charlotte. Very good food, not quite Southern as in Louisiana but very close. Very friendly staff and quick service. Had to visist my hometown to go there, shame on me since I lived 5 years in Charlotte and never went eating there. We had a great time and can recommend it to everyone!
The fried oysters are to die for.\n\nThe crayfish scampi looks great but a bit too garlicky.\n\nThe BBQ shrimp is just a-ok.\n\nReal cool how they turned an old house into CQ.
The have some of the best ribs and rib tips in Charlotte. Tea and lemonade made fresh.
Yes I love Burger King. Yes I know its terrible for me. No I will not stop coming here. \n\nI love this location, even though someone was shot in the face here not too long ago, I still can not stay away. I love the fact that I can go through the drive-thru and not have to worry about checking my bag for the right items because they have never messed up one order of mine. And that is pretty damn rare for fast food.\n\nOther than that typical BK fare.
All I have to say is Hayley is very talented. I had a great experience here, you may need to be patient. I took me about 3 months to get in to see her, but was well worth the wait.
This airport leaves a bit to be desired.  YES it is super busy, like most airports, and yes it has some growing pains to deal with, but honestly it just isn't well organized.  The baggage claim is sprawling and they seem to group flights by airline (not spread by time) so you get overcrowding.  The A/C was off the day I arrived in 94 degree weather so it wasn't optimal for hanging out.  The nearby but not attached car rental desks are scattered... just not great.  \n\nIt worked, I landed, and I'll use it again, of course, but it just wasn't the best airport I've ever been to.  (Pittsburgh)\n\n-MRO
The rocking chairs are genius!\n\nThey're perfect for weary travelers that just want to relax especially those of us in between flights. Ahhh genius.\n\nAnd did I mention the food, they have everything you might be craving and some new ideas that will get your mouth watering. \n\nThe staff was polite and helpful. \n\nSome other airports need to come study this airport's success and learn a thing or 20.
Free WiFi everywhere in the airport!\n\nCute rocking chairs in the main lobby. \n\nA few small shops.\n\nMostly fast food restaurants. The non-fast food restaurants are spread pretty far and wide. \n\nIt's a pretty good hike between concourses but there are walking sidewalks in places. \n\nOverall, it's an ok transfer point. Pack a lunch and sit a spell in the rocking chairs until your next flight.
Wonderful food and shopping available, but why does the restroom have a valet in it taking tips?  This isn't a European nightclub.
Busy and confusing. It's a nice and large open space filled with many escalators and walking escalators. The people are friendly and do try their best to help. Every terminal/section has a special desk where people who have missed their flights can go to rebook and/or get on standby flights. Unfortunately, the customer service desks cannot handle situations where there is a large number of people who need help. The lines can get absolutely ridiculous!! \n\nOverall, a relatively comfortable area (for an airport) with plenty of food options.
The airport is okay as far as large hub airports go. However, the security checkpoint is small with a pretty bad bottle neck for screening. I found this to be a bit slow and crowded more space would have been appreciated and made this a more pleasent experience. \n\nOn the upside baggage claim divisions were well spread out to prevent crowding with good signage and listings of where to go for your particular flight.  The fountain outside by the ground transport sites makes a nice view while waiting for your ride or shuttle.\n\nOverall okay airport, not bad or great, just okay.
Very nice airport if you have time to loiter before you flight.  Free Wi-Fi, nice rocking chairs, decent restaurant selections, good shops.  BUT, this airport is NOT made for those with tight connections.  Its spider layout makes it problematic if you get in at a high B gate and have an E gate departure.  RUN don't walk if you have less than 20 minutes to board your next flight.  You may even want to wear a pair of Depends so you can just soil yourself to save time.  I also think it's awkward having bathroom attendants.
Had a layover here recently coming in from an international destination. Customs wasn't too bad, basically waved us through. But we had to exit to the main terminal and re-go thru security, which is freaking insane! We had an 80 minute lay over and I think we only got to the plane with 20 minutes to spare - they were already boarding. ugh!
Pretty efficient as far as airports go. Usually an hour preflight is good depending on where you're going. I generally fly us airways and have never encountered a problem with anything. Smooth lines for security and I recommend going through the d/e checkpoint as it almost always seems to be less congested and quicker than it's counterparts!  Happy flying :)
I would give this place a 3 if the organization of the parking lots/interior was better and if there wasn't someone standing in the bathroom making me uncomfortable when I have to go to the bathroom while I'm waiting for a flight.\n\nFor the amount of air traffic that goes through this airport, I'm disappointed. The lines for security generally take an hour to get through (more if you leave around 5ish).\n\nI've been avoiding flights due to the crazy bad for you radiation from the full body scanners. Maybe CLT will improve when I eventually cave and need to fly somewhere- who knows.
CLT is a pathetic airport for commuters who have to fly from smaller cities. The E concourse is getting further and furhter away from the gates to the flagship flights of US Airways. Half the time walking sidewalks are inoperable, and if you have less than 15 minutes (due to the wonderful on time of  US Airways Express (outsourced and don't care) then you will miss your flight. They could care less regardless of your status, and are now adding more gates at E.  (Up to 50 I believe, and no fast way to to get to B or C concourse). Obviously they care nothing about the deregulation that then the airlines elected the HUB and spoke philosophy. Trust me it DOES NOT work!  Will they ever listen to their customers, and especially the business traveler who kept them in business after 911 since we were the only ones who continued to fly.\nAt this point I don't think they care.
I was at this airport for a few mins as I connected. Would have liked to enjoy my supposedly one hour layover but my previous flight at LAX was delayed for no reason.
@ Charlotte and ready for boarding!!
I connected through CLT on a recent trip. I have to say, as a former resident of the Charlotte area, and after experiencing the ease of my home airport (Dallas-Fort Worth Int'l), this airport could be so much better.\n\nIt seems that CLT just keeps building on to itself and is making itself bigger and stretched so far that it is now a chore to have a connecting flight there.
I had a long layover at the Charlotte-Douglas airport going to and from New Orleans. I got to spend some time meandering around this airport.\n\nI like the layout - much more than other airports - and it's easy to get around from flight to food, etc. They have a center terminal and circular intersections of the other various terminals that all have huge beautiful windows and white rocking chairs. After I ate some food in the food court (mostly fast food, but a few decent options), I spotted an open rocking chair and made myself at home. \n\nI also utilized their FREE WIRELESS! I think it should be standard that wireless is free in all airports and it always bothers me when it isn't. It's a fun people watching airport too while sitting in the chairs.
Like long lines and employees who LIE than CLT is the place for you. I was flying US airs and they are just as awful. This place is a joke and I will no longer be flying anywhere what would require using CLT. I had my husband 1 baby 1 4 yr old and my 70 yr old grandmother and they told me to go through the family line for security. I went through and this rude \"renta cop\" said that the line was ONLY for employees, pushed us into another line that took 45 minutes to get through. I turn around and hes letting everyone and their brother go through that line. He just didnt want to deal with the stroller or the kids. HES AN ASS!
As a North Carolina native now living in DC, I come through Charlotte Douglas pretty frequently.  I've never had a problem in this airport, but don't like the hub and spoke layout.  If you land in one Terminal and have to get to another quickly, you better pick up the pace, as there is no train between terminals.  There's plenty of shopping, restaurants, and bars, but the layout makes it less than convenient to get to what you want.
Basically the totally opposite of Newark Liberty Airport.\n\nClean and well-lit. Friendly and courteous TSA members, and fast and efficient layout and service.
Huge airport.  Clean and lots of shopping.
One of the best US Airways hub airports.
Decent selection and clearance pricing can be found at the Brooks Brothers store.  Once you're done shopping and still have some time to kill before catching your flight, you can rest your bottom on one of the dozens of white rocking chairs that line the atrium.  The rocking chairs are a nice perk and you should definitely try to take advantage of them if you can.\n\nThe only complaint I have are with the transport carts.  They are constantly beeping no matter what direction they're going.  I can understand the beeping while in reverse, but it's really annoying when it's constant.  Especially when you have 40 minutes to kill at the gate.\n\nThank goodness for the free WiFi...
This is what a NYC airport should look like. It's \nchic and they have a wine bar!!! Why would a North Carolina airport have a \nchic wine bar. I thought i would land at a crappy run down airport like LaGuardia airport but to my surprise the south is more modern than NYC??? odd. NYC get with it!!!!!!
Whenever I'm booking a flight that requires a connection (which, let's be real, is almost always the case from RIC) and Charlotte appears as an option, I take it. It's easy to navigate, isn't overwhelming and offers standard food options as well as a few of my traveling faves. Jamba Juice, Pinkberry, TCBY? Yes, please!\n\nIt even boasts rocking chairs (welcome to the South, y'all) and free wi-fi. Doesn't get much better than that during a layover.
I really really hate this airport. It is always a bitch flying in and out of it. Not to mention that 2 out of the 4 times I've flown through and had a connecting flight, they've lost my bag during the transfer from one plane to the next including my returning from Dublin. Trust me, when you've been flying 12 hours and have two connections before reaching your final destination, the last thing you want to worry about is if your bag is going to be there when you arrive. This indeed happened, and I didn't get my bag for 3 days. That was a mess since I had been living in another country for six months and everything in there was all I'd had. \n\nI try to avoid Charlotte airport at all costs unless it is my absolute final destination which has yet to ever be the case.
They are in the middle of revamping the parking near the terminals.  Easy peasy airport.  The food options are lacking, but I imagine they will fix that eventually.  How about some of that well known NC BBQ in the terminals??
Decent airport, but it is always a mass of humanity.  Be sure to stay in your seat if you get one, because you will lose it.
It's an airport, small but had what it needed. Planes.
Actually this is one of my favorite airports. I like the fact that there are rocking chairs in all the terminals for use by weary passengers. The food selection in the main area is not bad as well as some of the offerings in the different terminals. Flights are usually pretty much on time unless there is a major thunderstorm passing through the area.\n\nI chose to travel on an airline other than USAIR, which \"owns\" this place, and everything went quite well. The airport is very clean and everyone is courteous. Not a bad place to spend time between flights.
Standard place that grew fast and has lots of spider webs.
I have never been to an airport before where I would want to come back and just hang out. Get my nails done? Check! Superb southern food? Check! Legit shopping? Check and check!
CLT used to be better, but their passenger volume has increased significantly. I used to fly out of here as my main airport from 2005-2010, but have since moved away and just returned back. \n\nIt is moderately-sized and laid out well, with well-placed maps throughout the terminal. There is also a decent selection of restaurants.\n\nThe downside that I found on my recent trip is that volume is up heavily and there is not enough room to accommodate the additional passengers. The hallways were packed and there were no empty seats to be found.\n\nEven the U.S. Airways lounge was crowded.
Charlotte has grown I remember when the airport was small now it's like a little city of it's own. I don't mind waiting for a plane here as they have plenty of places to eat and pass time. They made it look real nice and \"purdee\" inside so you feel like you're in a nice place unlike Newark or JFK which are boring as hell to me. I don't think the majority of passengers will be disappointed passing through here.
I've been to so many airports over the years that I can't even name them all. In the morning, this airport is certainly quiet. But it's also dead. I came in on a red eye. By 6, almost nothing in the D terminal is open. And the one sit down restaurant that is open has no outlets. While it's nice to have charging stations by the gates, travelers who work like to sit down and enjoy their meal while banging out some work and charging their equip. More restaurants with outlets and open before 7 for early travelers would go a long way to improving this place.
Charlotte Douglas International Airport is a complete madhouse, but the cuisine is off the chains. \n\nI had a lay over here and was shocked at the sheer volume for a small market city. You would be forgiven if you mistook this airport for LAX or ORD, it is that busy. Huge lines and very few charging areas for your cell phone will frustrate even a seasoned traveler. \n\nThe food choices however are commendable. If you are hungry you owe it to yourself to seek out Carolina Pit Barbecue in the main terminal as it is the damn truth. Smoky, tender and so moist... truly delicious. A small piece of heaven in a travelers hell.
I really enjoyed my time here and the kids I brought song enjoyed it too! There are some planes that you can get inside of and volunteers to explain it all to you. The volunteers were so helpful! We were able to watch a plan take off from the airport. So cool! I really wish they had a restaurant for lunch. But other than that I really enjoyed the museum.
Floyds on Nation Ford rd is terrible!!!! Worst collards and macoroni and whatever in the world. And space. Taste like noodles, salt, and water. No milk or cheese. Not made with love. Food made with HATE. Im so sorry the owner died. Should have taken this so called restaurant with him. I should have known the food was gonna be bad because of the bad service!!! Floyds food does not taste nearly as good as mine. Reply to my post and i will sell a real recipe for collards and real macaroni and cheese. Oh, the location milton road food excellent!! Holla at me or them to learn how to cook!!!
Went there 6 in the morning. It's just like any McDonald's, you should know what they serve. The staff is very friendly and helpful.
I can't anymore. It's too busy here and service is not as fast as other Mickey D's with this kind of volume. Customers are rude too.
We only went through the drive-thru and the service was pretty quick with not many cars to serve. My breakfast burritos had hard corners like were bad or cooked to long. They were also folded kind of weird, like all four corners under instead of bottom, left, and right, and like some effort was actually put into them. It's also kind of shabby they offer water at the same price and a regular drink. I'm not looking for free, but at least half the price of drink that have to be ordered and delivered. We are talking about water here, simply water. The ice coffees on the other hand were at least made with a generous amount of flavor. The were yummy and definitely worth my dollar. The staff should also work on communication, instead seemed a bit aggressive and not very personable.
Great selection and don't be fooled by the prices because they haggle and you can get a very competitive deal there. If you don't like to haggle then check out their website for their online deals. That is where you find the usual rock-bottom pricing for the firearms they carry. I'm like a kid in a candy store when I go to Hyatt's. It's located in the hood but don't let that stop you. Once inside you will feel very safe as every employee is carrying heat! Don't have a gun? Go there! Don't want a gun? Good, it will be easy to take your food when the zombie apocalypse happens.
If you didn't know where it was you'd miss it.  Dining area is sparse, basic tables and booths. Open deli-style.  \n\nGot the chicken parm sub as recommended by Yelpers.  Mine was a little dry but a decent sandwich.  Still not sure i would order it again.  Fries are standard crinkle-cut.  \n\nSummary: good place as alternative to nearby fast food joints but I wouldn't go out of my way to come again.
Not too good and not that much flavor for what chicken can have.  The sauce is nothing special and as one reviewer said, the neighborhood is suspect.  Service was good and I liked the potato salad.  Baked beans were from the can.  Drive up was good and service was super fast.
I was super wary about this stop because of previous reviews, but they have apparently stepped their game up... \n\nThey have a new (or at least new to me) 60 second or less service guarantee and I was definitely wondering if the \"quality\" of the food would suffer since they were trying to move so quickly... I was very pleasantly surprised... Not only were we through the drive thru in about 60 seconds, my food was incredibly hot and fresh... Well, you know, as fresh as McDonald's is... \n\nIt was a quick trip with hot food which is what I wanted, so I was pleased...
This place is truly hit and miss... The breakfast is best here like many other reviews say here the drive thru is rediculously laid out while I've never encountered rude staff here I gotta say it's only selling point is the location,being 2 stories, and the piano is awesome but it is mcdonalds keep in mind so the food can only be so good even if it's hot and \"fresh\" \n\nEat here at your own risk and since they close at midnight this isn't a drunk food spot
Harper's is like a more local version of TGIFridays or Applebees.  The food here is really delicious, and they offer a decent selection of typical appetizers, sandwiches, salads, and entrees (think spinach and artichoke dip, chicken sandwiches, and steaks).  While you will have a great meal, beware- the wait can be atrocious for lunch or dinner on any given day of the week, especially the weekends.
Let me tell you gents this place is totes av (average). Really not much to say. If you like food you'll probably be able to eat some of it here. My friends at the table insist that I rate this place as \"good average\" but that seems meaningless. Also $2 beers of which I've had about 6.
This place is as bland as they get. The food was mediocre and the atmosphere was too.
Typical BoA branch set up near South Park Mall.  It's located at the corner of Fairview and Barclay Downs so there is a traffic light to help you turn left and then into the parking lot.  Ample enough parking spaces and the building is shaped like a pie wedge so it makes for an interesting entrance (at the tip).\n\nA walk up ATM is located at the front for 24hr access as well as a drive thru ATM.  I've never seen anyone use the teller windows (drive through), but they may be phasing those out as the tellers are being replaced by machines.
I gave up on Monterrey several yrs ago but was in the neighborhood today. I felt like Mexican for lunch. Clean, great service and the food was very good. One of the best quesadillas I've had. And the Dos Equis draft wasn't bad either!
So excited I made it back to an old staple. So, I was craving a fajita, but they don't offer the lunch size portion on Sundays so I chose a lunch combo, which didn't disappoint. I chose a beef taco & chicken burrito w/ rice and beans. The taco was great, meat seasoned perfectly, hot, yet the shell held up great. The burrito was filled with all white shredded chicken, topped w/ a red sauce & cheese...a lot of cheese, yum! The chips were great, but I have to say I miss the old salsa. The new one seems to be a little more roasted, hot than what I remember. I cannot wait to get back...definitely a fajita next time :-).
I visit often.  Love the white salsa, great food, good prices.
It seems a rarity to find a Japanese restaurant owned and operated by Japanese. Well Musashi is one such place. The menu is not the Americanized and that is worth three stars alone. Good authentic menu, service and food!
So this place comes highly recommended!! It is behind my favorite Thai/Vietnamese place (Viet-Thai) and once night we thought we'd check it out.\n\nWe had a couple rolls of sushi and I had the Panko crusted Chicken and the boyfriend had the teriyaki chicken. Everything was good, but I wasn't blown away. I really wish the salad had a ginger dressing and I  may ask if they have it next time, but it has a sesame dressing. I hear they have the best Ramen in town and over half of the patrons were japanese!! That speaks volumes...  FYI he loved the place but didn't think his chicken was the best. We both agreed we'd be back to try the Ramen and Udon!!
The worst apartment I've ever lived in! I've only been here 2 months and I'm miserable. If you are thinking of renting here DON'T! The apartment staff has been rude and have harasses us 5 times in 2 months! They have also entered out apartment on two separate occasions without our consent. If you are considering living here I highly encourage you to look elsewhere.
Wow! A treat for your senses for sure! The moment you walk in you are greeted with colorful, beautiful, edible things!! Classical music plays while you walk through the store.\n\nIt is fun to buy a hot drink and walk around the store looking at all the gourmet items. Definitely don't go hungry or plan to eat there. They have boxed sushi, made-to-order sandwiches, hot and cold dishes, etc. \n\nThe candy and cake sections will make you stop in your tracks. The artistic decorating is something to talk about. Definitely fancy and expensive! \n\nThe items are definitely pricey, but it is such a nice experience to see beautiful food! (But I had to laugh because their stock shelves look like the wire shelves you can buy at Walmart...so the next time I looked in my pantry I said, \"Look, I have a little section of Dean and Deluca in my home.\")
After having a bad experience and informing the management, Dean and Deluca went above and beyond in improving my perception of the market.  Way to go!
This place is ridiculously expensive, but being from out of town and I'm trying to experience all there is to the east coast I was brought here by my colleague.  I bought sugar cookies for my kids that were $5 each and I expected it to be top notch for that price, but all it was was a regular sugar cookie, of regular size, and of regular taste.  I tried the mocha they had and it was just ok (the chocolate they used wasn't really that great) and the next day I decided to give it a try with a vanilla latte instead and again it was just ok.\n\nFor the price and quality of it's products I'd probably look somewhere else.
This has always been awesome place on my list of places to shop or have a sandwich went recently and had a fantastic lunch.
Wow.\n\nSo-so Chinese food for twice the price.\n\nNo wonder, it's a chain restaurant. Hey, they sell their food in the frozen food department at the grocery store, too. It might be the same quality. That may or may not be sad depending on the consumer. Is it that good from the freezer? Do they just microwave one of those bad boys in the restaurant?\n\nThe prices might be worth it for dinner but lunch? Ha. Ha. Ha.\n\nYour pal,\nWalter
My husband and I went grocery shopping here on a  Monday evening... bad idea. The shelves were almost bare and what was left was a mess and disorganized. This is unusual for this store, which I usually shop at. Positive for this trip was as usual the salad bar and the tomato bisque soup. A must try!
I'm a lunch patron because they're close to my workplace...\n\nWhen I go here, I'm looking for two things:  good food and quick service.  The former is always delivered, the latter, well...mostly, they do get busy.\n\nPersonally, I get the Pork Fried Rice and occasionally hot and sour soup.  Simple dishes, admittedly, but their execution is what impresses me most about Baoding.  When the plate of rice arrives, you can immediately tell that they JUST MADE IT.  No, its not some dish they made a lot of and left under a lamp.\n\nThe soup is always great.  The service is also nice.
Delicious Chinese food!  I had the Trio of shrimp, scallops & chicken and all food was very fresh and wasn't salty like other Chinese restaurants.  The servers were very  polite and this was a wonderful experience and will definitely go back!
First time I've been here in five years and it didn't disappoint! There wasn't a lot of traffic on a Saturday which I liked... but based on the food it should have been packed! The chicken lettuce wraps were pretty good! The rest dishes were savory and well prepared (had the Kung Pao chicken and crispy orange beef). You can get white or brown rice. The crispy beef was still crispy and the orange sauce had a little bit of a kick to it... just the way I like it. \n\nThe service was nothing to write home about, but decent nonetheless. \n\nYou know its a good Chinese place when all the staff talks with a think accent :-)
Wish it had been better when I made my one and only trip.  The menu was smallish and nothing quite appealed to me.  But I know others have enjoyed it very much, maybe I am an exception.  I like the wine suggestion it was top notch.  Staff was efficient and friendly.
Upstream has gone downhill, fast. While the bar ambience and feel is still awesome, the sushi in particular was extremely lacking. Spicy Tuna rolls were not fresh and smelled like fish. California rolls lacked flavor and were quite bland. \n\nService was also not particularly good and there was a very creepy manager who put us off. \n\nIt is a shame because Upstream has been a staple of the South Park area for years, but their sushi quality is completely lacking these days. I cannot comment on the main courses as we did not have any.
Gave the restaurant a second shot - equally disappointed.  Bar service was slow, 45 minutes to get an appetizer from an inattentive waitress.  Once at our table, we watched our salads walk around the restaurant twice before the server found our table.  Waiter served the entrees and walked away, never checked to see how our meal was.  While tasty, the portions are small.\n\nUnfortunately, the best part of this restaurant is the valet service.  Don't frustrate yourself, dine elsewhere with friends.
Upstream is probably thought of as one of the best restaurants in Charlotte.  I am from Philadelphia where there are excellent restaurants with iron chefs so my viewpoint may be a bit skewed.   The food was good but not great or amazing.  Every dish (except the house salad) was over salted.  My husband had the tuna and I had the seabass. They were both very good but as I said before not great.  We would go there again but for sushi/raw items not necessarily the cooked menu items.  The salad was was the highlight for me (house salad) and the crab bisque was pretty tasty too.   Overall the service was very good but slow.  Our waiter was one of the most knowledgeable wait staff we have encountered since moving from PA.
Thought we'd try Showmars; they are convenient. You place order at the counter and then find a table. Plenty tables available but every one was sticky. I don't consider a table top that holds on to you to be clean. \n\nFood was served quickly and is okay. Nothing slid off the table...
A very ratchet place with a very ratchet staff.
Well, it's been better than it is now. \n\nI've taken shoes there for at least the last 20 years, but I'm ready to go elsewhere.\n\nI have a short left leg, so I need all of my left heels built up 3/4 inch. The last two pair didn't come out right. One squeaks and pops with each step, and the other one separated from the sole and had to be repaired. (He did fix the former once, but the squeaks returned. He just fixed the latter, nicely. Both fixes were free of additional charge.)\n\nPrices have shot up recently, quite a bit, and the guy no longer takes checks. Bring cash only.\n\nI'll probably look around for another shop for my next heel build-up.
Ok I would give this place four stars, but on the outside of the store it states that there is a clearance sale and everything inside is 90 percent off and it is not.  I think that this place overcharges for piercings, if you want a piercing just go down the block to Ink Link, twenty dollars for everything all day long.  The good thing about this place is that they carry Serial Killer shirts and I love 'em.  They feature movies like Taxi Driver and Pulp Fiction.  Even though they have false advertisement outside the store, the clerks are still pretty pleasant.
After being prodded and pocked by my co-workers to get a kitchen pass, I finally went to the Flying Saucer.\nI get the concept.  I appreciate the effort but come on.... shouldn't you look good in a skimpy outfit if you are going to wear one?  I did not really expect great service and that was pretty clear.  Friendly enough but the overall IQ was rather low.\nI do give a huge nod to the beer selection and for that one reason I am likely to go back.
Great beer selection, great atmosphere, great bartenders. What more can I say? Perfect for someone wanting to enjoy a beer with good friends. Monday night is the night for great specials but I prefer to go the other nights of the week when The Saucer is a bit quieter. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is has nothing good to say about Charlotte night life, this will certainly change your mind. Give the fresh pretzels with queso a try!
I always come here after playing a round of Par 3 golf next door.  How can you go wrong with hundreds of beers, pretty girls and descent bar food?  You can't!  Cool spot - check it out!
Good food and drinks before going to a concert at the verizon wireless amphitheatre up the street. ~Cheers
Great atmosphere and awesome beer selections. Wait staff was friendly. Food was mediocre unfortunately. The burgers came out well done. Waitress never even asked us how we wanted them cooked. This makes me believe the burger were previously frozen. The German potato salad had a big pool of oil at the bottom of the cup. Yes the German potato salad is made with oil, but this was an excessive amount. Would maybe come back but wouldnt have a burger or the potato salad again.
Hertz here is awful, worst I've ever seen.  50 people in line, four behind the counter.  Don't\nSeem to care...line is longer than my flight!!  Buses keep delivering people.  Could it be that it's a surprise that a lot of people show up at 2:00, wanting to pick up cars they paid for.  Cost is not worth this aggravation, I beg you to go somewhere else ....again, worst I have ever seen.
Outstanding customer service! From the moment we arrived to pick up to the moment we left to head back to the airport, I cannot speak enough to the speed and customer service here.\n\nYou are immediately greeted by your own \"service associate\" who holds the door open, walks you in, takes you to your own terminal, and works with another associate to rapidly get all the paperwork taken care of.\n\nWe were then taken to our car, and a few minutes later on our way. Same thing upon return, super quick check-out and a shuttle bus waiting to take us to the airport. It's a 5-min trip to the terminal.\n\nI've rented a lot of cars, this team was most impressive on that morning.
Friendliest employees ever, and those hamburgers are fantastic!  Food quality is what I'd expect at a good sit-down restaurant.
The other day someone posted a question about eating near the airport and Miguel's popped in my mind and ever since I posted my response,  I could not get it out of my mind so today was Miguel day.\nWhen you drive up it looks condemned, it's on 85 Interstate Service Rd, (exit 32 Little Rock Rd) that right there, sounds sketchy.  It's beside a closed motel, (Bates Motel reference).  This alone makes me LOVE this restaurant.  It is everything you want it to be in that off the beaten path kind of way.  They don't serve the best food, the margarita is average, service is functional, but all of it wrapped up it's like heaven.
So Miquel's is definitely a perfect definition for a \"Hole in the Wall\" but let's be honest those places clearly have the best food. \n\nAs a self proclaimed Mexican fanatic I was excited to see just what this place had to offer. \n\nWe started with the chips and salsa and they were classic. The chips were warm and crispy and the salsa had just the right amount of kick! \n\nMy friends and I ordered a little bit of everything...fajitas, shrimp quesadillas, tacos, rice and beans. \n\nEverything was delicious...and the portion sizes were perfect! Add to that good service and super reasonable prices! I'm absolutely coming back.
I really enjoy going to this place!!  It looks like a little hole in the wall but the food is great!  As well as the service!  It's close to my boyfriends work and that's how I found out about it!  Everyone he works with raves about their salsa!  And it is de-lish!  Every day they have lunch specials and it's very affordable.  They also have outside seating which is nice.
Very basic deli. I work close so go here often. From the street this place doesn't look like much, but once you enter... Still not much. Looks very outdated with booths and a few pictures on the wall, including beer signs although they don't serve beer. \n\nThe sandwiches here are run of the mill deli sandwiches but extremely reasonably priced. They have daily specials for $3.50 for a full sub! Get a bucket of iced tea for a buck and you have lunch for under $5.00. \n\nThe service is very friendly. Most of their business is regulars and they definitely let you know it. After going just a few times they had my name and order memorized. \n\nThey are known for their \"Little Rock Special\" which is a cheesesteak, not bad but I prefer their cold subs.
This is the first and only Showmars I've visited. There are about 20 of them in the Charlotte area. Food was pretty good. I'd give it one half step-up from a burger at a fast food joint.\n\nI had a Greek Salad; the salad (especially the chicken) was tasty but the dressing was \"totally bleh\". Thankfully the default dressing was on the side so I asked for blue cheese dressing and it was much better -- they had Ken's dressing in a package.\n\nMy dinner mates had a burger and fish and chips. All around \"OK\". I'd not go out of my way to go again and certainly not worth a quest...
I had the souvlaki and my husband had the sirloin tips. Both were completely flavorless. My husband and I both agreed that the most impressive thing about this place is that they could actually find a way to cook the flavor out of beef and onions.  The tzatziki sauce was okay same with the Greek salad.
Hop Feng is a cash only Chinese carryout establishment. I thought my General Tso's Chicken was pretty good and the portion size was huge I actually was able to get close to 3 meals out of my lunch. For $7.50 I got the main dish, General Tso Chicken with a weird yellow rice ??? and a deep fried egg roll.\n\nThe decor is sort of dumpy with grease from years gone bye stuck to the walls and if you ever get a chance take a look a the thermostat in the corner. The amount of grease stuck to the thermostat is down right amazing. But you know what this place hits the spot for me every now and again. \n\nAnd I got Fortune Cookies 3 of them...And they were all very accurate!
I was told the burgers where great here......well last night we gave them a try.   I was not impressed.  We order two jumbo cheeseburgers one with fries, the other with onion rings.  The burgers where BURNT to a crisp.  All the favor of the meat was gone. On a good note the onion rings where great.   Please don't burn the burgers.
Visiting friends in NC and we stopped here for breakfast. At first our order was take out but then we decided to eat in. They got out order wrong but was friendly in fixing the error. The food was okay for the items that we got.
I can't believe no one has reviewed this place! Given its location in the middle of a residential area, its mostly a locals joint. In fact, I know quite a few people who probably eat here more than 4 times a week. The food is always great, lots of veggies and county style entrees. Not sure if this is where I would go on a diet, but needless to say, I am not. The bar is well stocked (and always cheap domestic beer specials), but not always with the most enjoyable of a crowd. But hell, who cares.  I would recommend sunday lunch specials. I'll probably be there, so say hello.
Great specials averaging around $7.  The portions are extra large.  Large seating area.  This is your typical quick Japanese style stir fry.  Teriyaki and Hibachi stuff!   One thing that sucks - No egg rolls!  WTF?
Awful awful awful!!!!  I have never experienced such RUDE nurses or doctor in my life. I will never go back here again. I'm not sure how they have received positive reviews.
session key
this place never disappoints me. Tough to get in, reservations are a must but always delicious.
This UPS store shares its main entrance with the Caribou Coffee. They are a full service mailing shop, with boxes, packing materials and yes, they ship stuff by UPS. I think they also have a mailbox system, but I wasn't really paying attention. I just wanted to drop off my pre-paid package and be on my way. The clerk was friendly and helpful and got it done pronto. If I have more UPS mailing requirements, I'll be back.
Everything really is a dollar (though some things are two for a dollar). I thought I might take a browse and see what there was and I was amazed. I somehow managed to pick up $7 worth of stuff that I actually needed for my place. Stuff that would have been twice or three times the price at the local Wal-Mart.\n\nIf you're looking to save a few bucks, Dollar Tree rocks!
This is a very busy dollar store. No matter what time I go in there is always a line at the cashiers station. \n\nThis location has a good variety of merchandise, but the shelves (because they are so busy) are never fully stocked. \n\nThe employees definitely make this place 3.5 stars. I think they are always friendly, even with a line wrapped around to the door. They try their best even without a lot of extra help, and that's pretty much all you can ask for from your cashier.
Sigh...to be honest, there is just no good food option in this shopping center. This Mccalister falls short just like many mccalisters. The lighting in here is kind of dark. The food...it lacks flavor. Don't come here if you want a good sandwich, which is funny because it is a deli. The typical scene you can expect is you come in, order with one of the high schooler staff up front and retrieve your food when it's ready at the counter. So-so food...ok price here for what you get.
You would think fried chicken would be simple... Absolutely horrible.  A night visit only added insult to injury. 3 waitresses and still had to return one drink for lack of alcohol. If you want to shoot pool, go during the day, otherwise, stay clear!!!\nPS: I had to remind them of the \"drink\" to get it removed from the bill.
Today was only my second visit to this location. My family just moved to Charlotte in June and frequented the location where we used to live. \n\nFirst visit was great, very friendly staff and welcoming when I mentioned we were new to Charlotte. I was happy to know I would have a great place to bring my 5 yr olds toys and clothes. \n\nToday was a different story!! I realize it is a Saturday (weekends are usually busy) but there appeared to be lots of staff on hand, but not much business taking place. I was sorely disappointed and left with a bag full of items that will go to Goodwill. Once Upon a Child needs to show \"a little\" regard for their customers and their time.
Very good food and I like the atmosphere and style. Maybe it is a little 80'ish looking on the design, but who doesn't love a place where you are taken back Miami Vice and shoulder pads in your leather jacket. \nThe food is very good an I've tried a variety of things without being disappointed. Oven backed pizzas are good, shrimp and grits ok but I've had better. The baked Alaskan (I thought it was fish when my fianc\u00e9 ordered it) is a wonderful dessert but only available certain times of the year.
We eat at trio nearly twice a week. The menu has various different items and everything is good. I love the homemade chicken fingers and their brick oven pizzas are to die for. Trio is also very inexpensive for the quality of food that you get. Most dishes are under 12.00. The service is good as well.
Casual dinner with members tonight and food was great! Service was inexperienced.  Always love the location and people!
Not my favorite experience at a Japanese Steakhouse. My food was good-- not phenomenal, but good. My waiter was relatively inattentive (and spoke limited English), and thus, got my order wrong; thankfully, everything is made in front of you, so this was fixed and I enjoyed my filet and lobster as ordered. That stated, this place is just too loud (and I'm eighteen, so that says a lot), and the service feels rushed.\n\nMy suggestion? Go to the Nakato down the road.
I went here with a couple of friends a while ago and honestly everything was mediocre at best. For the price, quality, and quantity there's a similar restaurant nearby that's way better. The service wasn't bad, and the presentation was typical. Just nothing special. I have no specific complaints, but nothing to brag about or remember, either.
Extremely dissapointing trip here. Service was average to bad. Food quality left a lot to be improved. Currys have no meat but curry. Taste wise it isn't great either. I make far better indian food at home. Meat was not cooked properly and was very chewy. Overall I don't recommend it and won't be going back at all. Oh yeah their carpets were dirty with food everywhere,seems like they don't vacuum at all or very little.
There are a couple of amazing wood sculptures in the place.  The food however, is not as noteable.\n\nThe food is average or typical of Thai cuisine.  The dishes are standard and taste and look like what thai food should, however, nothing stood out as being anything more than average.  I am wondering if I am being to critical and if yelp should have 2 rating systems.  1 rating for how a place might compare against local establishments, and another rating for the restaurant nationally.\n\nWith that in mind, of the 2 places in Charlotte I have tried for thai, this is clearly the better.
They have awesome Iced Thai Tea!! ( If you haven't tried one then you should go get one) Love their dishes, which are delish! And you should tried the fried duck ( I don't remember the name, just the details) they're yummy too! And their staffs are nice too. So it a great place to go when you want any Thai foods. :)
I Specifically asked for NO MEAT of any kind.  Even made inquires about the sauces and if they had chicken broth, etc.  When I got home we found our rice had little bits of beef in it.  My girlfriend is a vegetarian so one can imagine this ruined her dinner.  Also the prices online were cheaper than what they charged in the store, not cool.  Certainly will not return to Quick Wok.
The food is inexpensive. I was there with co workers for lunch. Service was not good and we noticed after we were done eating that there were bugs crawling on the table. When we told the checkout person that there were bugs on the table her response was \"oh they start coming out after we spray.\"  Will not go back, between the service and the bugs I am totally grossed out!
This little gem is tucked in the HT at Arboretum beside the Starbucks. It  has been around for a long time, but they are still churning out some really good quality take-out.  \n\nThe owner and his wife are very friendly and always have a smile and time for a little chit-chat. \n\nWe usually call ahead and the food is always fresh, hot, and ready to go. The portion sizes are good and there is usually enough to take the leftovers to lunch the next day.\n\nI sometimes place an order for take out while I am shopping and they get the food prepared pretty quickly.  They have great Chinese and Thai dishes!
I creepily eat here probably once every two weeks.  What can I say... there cheese fries are fabulous, and their salads are yummy.  \nI also recommend getting the No Rules Pasta with no protein (vegetarian) and sub the normal sauce for the fuego sauce.  The sauce is spicy and absolutely perfect.  \nIf you go in and there is a long wait, it is good to remember that the bar is first come, first serve.  I never wait longer than 5 minutes because I typically get a seat in the bar area.  They also do call ahead seating, a definite plus.  So if you are going on a busy, just give them a buzz as you are leaving the house. \nThe staff here and be hit or miss.  When they are good, they are GOOD and when they are bad.... let's just say I have a few that will not be my server again.
The atmosphere here is comfortable and attractive.  The service is above average.  The lunch specials are quite appealing, and the food itself is pretty tasty.
I went to Salsa's/Cabo's for the Sunday Brunch Buffet.  The fresh-made tortillas were wonderful and the service was excellent, but the food was just ok for me.   There was a good selection of items and everything was tasty, but some items were a bit too salty for my taste.   I may give it another try.
Like K.B. said, its pretty standard mexican food.  I thought the salsa before the meal was too watery.  I had the fish tacos.  The fish was fried.  This place is ok if your in the area and hungry.  You won't be thrilled or disappointed.
I haven't been back here in years. The food is mediocre at best. Head to Monterrey's.
Restaurant is closed.
Met someone here to play on the tennis courts.  Surprisingly the courts were in good shape, the nets were missing the straps, but we played through it.  Overall it's a nice complex.... my one complaint would be that the parking lot is a bit of a maze to get out with a lot of curves (which means a lot of blind spots if you are backing out).  Yes, it keeps the place looking interesting, but I would hate to be a grounds keeper here since there are no straight lines in sight.\n\nThe apartments look pretty solid, all-brink.... there is a lot of highway noise coming from 485 though.... I didn't go inside one unit, but it was fairly loud from the tennis court.
We found this place off of Yelp and after reviewing the reviews my husband and I decided to try it out. We went here to celebrate our wedding anniversary and the food and atmosphere was awesome. I do not recommend to take small children. The atmosphere was very romantic with dim lighting and they had someone to play live music on the accordion.\n\nI ordered the house special which was the Whiskey Shrimp and Chicken. This dish was so good, it did not disappoint. My husband ordered the Bake Zitti which was great as well. For both of our meals plus wine and a few beers we paid an average of 60+ bucks. \n\nWe will definitely go back again with friends and family.
Broccoli and meat with the taste of freezer burn always get the one star from me. Bad service gets the same. Little or no working heat (or so it seems) on a cold day is another turnoff. \n\nIf you long for the Friday's experience of the 1980s, don't go to this one. The Friday's at Concord Mills Mall gets about three stars compared to this location.\n\nAt the same time, this chain is past its prime. With so many great restaurants in this area, the only reason someone would stop here is the expectation of name recognition.  Sorry, but this site may disappoint.
Went to this Applebee's location two times. The first time was a few years back, and the bartender had terrible customer service (I'm not sure if she still works there, but I think it's worth noting). The second time I went, my girlfriend specifically asked for no onions on her sliders, and they came out with onions anyway. Also, my second round of sangria tasted like the bartender poured half a bottle of what ever they use to sweeten it, and barely any wine. I'll stick to the location by concord mills mall
A warm fall day. Sun is shining. A slight breeze...\n\nTo the Wine Vault! They have a vast collection to choose from. By the bottle or glass. And great outdoor seating to take in the fresh air. They don't have a kitchen, but have some pretty good munchies. \n\nIf you don't like wine, they do have bottled beer in the back. Seasonal selection too.\n\nA nice atmosphere but a little pricey. But with good company, it can be very enjoyable. \n\nTip: wed 7pm tastings..
Terrible \"hostess\" experience. Woman at the front had a terrible attitude as soon as I walked on. The store is basically empty and I've been waiting for 40mins when I was told my wait time would be 15mins.\n\nAdd On: \n\nThis is my fourth time coming back due to inventory and no fault of the stores. I'm continued to be so disappointed by the \"hostess\". They really act like you're an inconvenience. Will probably be my last trip and just drive an hour and a half to go to my home store. Really disappointed. This is not the experience I'm accustomed to receiving from verizon.
I liked it bc of the coupons but it is now closed they informed me by email.
This is a decent hotel.  I'm not sure what the real rate is but its definitely a good deal at the corporate rate I got.  It reminds of me a courtyard in many ways.  Its clean and has a standard hotel feel.\n\nThe staff was really friendly.  AND I really liked how they automatically enrolled me in their hotel points program.   Not sure I'm staying here again as I'm already a member of another program....but it never hurts to pick up more points.\n\nFree Wifi and HBO in the rooms is a plus as well.  It located near some restaurants in walking distance and its off the main road which helps with the noise.
Good subs and cheesesteaks. Slammed at lunch. Clean. Plentiful parking.
Just went for sushi. Superman roll was good. Overall I would prefer Pisces or Ru Sans, but this place was nearby and it did the job. Service was also good although it wasn't busy at the time.
Sam's, my go to store your snacks, awesome find s, and bulk items! The prices are pretty good. I get certain things and I get out, before I spend unnecessary money. That is very easy to do! Its kind of like a larger Walmart, and a foodies paradise! If you haven't been. GO NOW! ENJOY! \n\nOh, by the way, their pizza is delicious at the hot bar, up front, and they sell whole pizzas hot at the bar, and slices. In the  deli area in the back, they sell the same whole pizzas, except they are cold.
Terrible. Ugly d\u00e9cor, bad food, poor service.
This was by far the worse MG I have dined. All 5 entrees (big family) ordered were served cold. Not warm, not luke warm, COLD! After being re-heated undoubtedly in a microwave we discovered that each guess was discussing who had the more bland tasting dish. We have always enjoyed MG and it was a complete shock to have this type of experience. We will not return.  There were 2 exceptions to this tastless cold meal....the house salad dressing and the bread.
I hadn't been to a Macaroni Grill in a number of years. I most likely won't be back to one for a very long time. Unlike other reviews, the service was actually very good, except for the copious amount of perfume our waitress bathed in. Very off-putting when so much of taste depends on smell. The food came out quickly but was still warm at best. I got the chicken scallopini and it was ok, other than the lack of heat. My wife got Mama's Trio. She didn't really care for any of it. I tried it and agree that none of it was very good, and also lukewarm.  The saving grace was that was that we had a gift card and didn't have to waste too much of our own money. If there is a next time, we'll re-gift it.
The worst Macaroni Grill I've ever been to!  Do not waste your time!!!
Probably the driest and most tasteless chicken salad I've had in a long time. Our other sandwiches were just as disappointing. Just another chain food restaurant. I long for a real deli in Charlotte!
Surprisingly, the chocolate chip cookie was delicious!\n\nGrilled Chicken Salad - good enough\n\nSpud Max - great! I would definitely get this again.  The Spud Max includes: bacon, cheddar cheese, scallions, and ham.  Add sour cream, and I am in heaven!
I give this place zero stars.  I went in for a pedicure and not only did I wait for about 10 minutes (with my feet in the water) for the girl to finish eating her lunch, she cut the hell out of my cuticle.  It took over 15 minutes to stop the bleeding and then when I asked to be comped for it, all they have me was $2 off.  I would definitely not recommend this place to anyone, even my worst enemy.  I know I will never be back here.
I don't even have the words!  Don't even have an app to order if you send an update that the food is out for delivery but I have to call every 20 min wondering where it is
This has been a great experience for my kids. Sean and his staff are amazing. Can't say enough about his teaching and ability to relate to younger kids.
I made it to the top- that's all that matters!\n\nLove this place.
Just had a GREaT experience here... I was yelled at, cursed at, watched ppl get punched, and had a very good cheeseburger at the same time. It was a lot of fun. The burger was really good for a grill & the homemade chips were off the charts! The grill was filled with men who enjoyed being yelled at by the female owner! Good times & good food! Don't take young kids
Don't you love it when you have to beg the restaurant to put food out on a buffet? Whenever I go here, the place is decently busy but they always seem to have a problem with having enough food out on their buffet. Everytime a tray of food is brought out, it's such a tiny portion that its usually emptied out within seconds by all the hungry customers! If you're going to run a buffet and expect people to come back, AT LEAST have enough food there for your paying customers!
So the big question since we moved down to Charlotte has been, Where the heck can we find a good bagel and slice of pizza? Someone told me that Einstein bagels has bagels that taste just like New York bagels, so I checked them out. Sadly, I was misled. Although, I must say, they were the closest I've found so far. I ordered a honey-wheat bagel and it tasted very fresh, it was still hot and soft. Put a little of their garden veggie cream cheese and I was good to go. Their cream cheese was VERY good, it wasn't as thick as most are and they didn't glop on enough for 4 bagels onto my one bagel. It was very light tasting, almost like hummus. YUM! If this is as close as it's going to get to a NY bagel, I'll take it.
I was down in Charlotte on business for five days and I ate here four of those days for lunch.  NEED I SAY MORE?
Great lunch spot. To repeat other reviews, the service is fast; probably the quickest I have ever experienced. As with most other locations I have visited, the staff is genuine and friendly.
4 stars for the service, 2 stars for the taste.\n\nThe big wasn't that big, it was normal size to me.  Lots of choices for one price, which was awesome.  6 different meats, lots of topping choices.  And yea, the service was really good.\n\nThe taste?  Just not there.  The rice wasn't flavorful, the steak had a hint of flavor even though they were generous with it...I didn't put sour cream/cheese on there, but they are generally masking agents - what doesn't taste good with those 2 ingredients????
Not good! Really, not good. I had lunch here. I was so disappointed. The crab rangoon, had no crab, just a scant amount of filling.  My lunch consisteted of a neon orange rice. Strange looking, and bad tasting. The food was so bad, I thought we were being pranked.
I hadn't had Papa John's for at least a year.  It's one of the better chain pizza places, and unlike the Domino's that moved, it's conveniently on my way home from work.  I got a $10 gift card for $5 from www.saveology.com and they had their large specialty pizzas for $11.  The large is only 14\" which isn't really large, but the Spinach Alfredo pizza is pretty tasty.  I was disappointed they no longer put the butter sauce and pepporncini in the pizza box, but I understand it.  The service was a little slow as they have two registers but only one person working on one of them with a lot of people standing around.  I'd stop here for a pizza on my way home again if the price was right.
Two words.  Dirty and nasty. Better off driving 3 miles to the Steele creek McDonalds!
Location is perfect view to the lake but services pretty slow, food average a place to get a beer and see the lake ......
Great little place just across the border.  Food is always great as well as service.
Food was very good. I had the Reuben sandwich. My only suggestion is that the waitress should check back more often to see if we need anything. Otherwise, I recommend it.
The library is a nice, clean facility with good, diverse resources for patrons. However, there is no designated quiet area that is closed off from the noise/speaking that happens in the front of the library. There is a quiet reading room, but it is not closed off, so the noise easily travels back there. Additionally, there are hardly ANY outlets near tables, so if you need to study using a computer, you're quite possibly out of luck. Overall, I expect a quiet area to study in a library, and this one doesn't necessarily deliver. More outlets would also make it a better studying spot.
Any place that's located on a lake for a fish fry is alright with me.. It's packed on Friday which means you get to have a few cocktails while waiting for a table, the wait is worth it... Don't hesitate to try this place out you won't be disappointed..
For being surrounded by two lakes, Madison doesn't do a great job of having places to drink on the water. Head down to McFarland and check out the beach house. It's like a dive bar slash restaurant right on the lake. Tons of windows. Not a bad place.\n\nCan't comment on the food. Drink specials were solid.
This place has good steaks,and fish fry. I also like the saturday special bacon wrapped filet, with lobster tail,all for 24.99 I think? All the dinners come with soup or salad, potato choic,warm rolls w/ butter. Walleye,cod,bluegill are all delecious. Good place for a beer as well. Great view, and drink specials. This is a real Sconnie place,Wisco to the core. My fave Fish Fry spot for sure.
We had dinner at the Beach House on Friday on our way up to northern Wisconsin based on reviews on Yelp.  If you are looking for good fish fry the Beach House has it.  I had the perch which was great, my bf had the walleye which i think had an even better flavor.  The fish deserves 5 stars.  Everything else a 3 star.  I would give 3 1/2 stars if that were an option.  Would definitely go back.
Absolutely THE worst!  This place won \"Best of Madison\" for Chinese food for how many years??? The judge must have been completely stoned out of his mind! \nCustomer service:  Very poor.  The server never checked back until I went looking for her, wondering where our order was 50 minutes after ordering. \nFood finally arrived for our group of four--STONE COLD!  Plates themselves were hot but practically frostbite on the food.  Couldn't eat it. \nManager came by, apologized and took 50% off the bill (!!!). Should have been 100% comped. \nI'm one of those folks who normally overlooks a lot and actually hates to complain, but this culinary travesty really needed to be reported.  If this place previously had great food and service, then as of 2014 they've completely lost their \"mojo\".
Ate here once with a buy one, get one coupon. I won't be heading back. Go to Los Gemelos off of State St instead.
From scratch pastries, breads, breakfast, lunch, dinner options\nCozy coffee shop atmosphere, fireplace, plenty of tables.\nCash only. Pay at front and they will bring the food out to you.\nFree refills on coffee.\nNever dissapointed.
As always excellent, locally sourced food.
We tried to order for delivery because we are 4 miles away. On their menu it says $15 minimum. We called to place the order and we were told today it's a $75 minimum. We found that insane so never ordered.
Met some friends here for drinks at the bar, which is shockingly small and not suited for groups larger than 4. The house wines are excellent. I got the lemon artichoke hearts - which were awful, and overpriced. The bread crumbs were drenched in butter and had a greasy feel to them, and the lemon was overpowering. The piano player didn't know any of the songs my friends or I requested - and we weren't making ridiculous requests - what piano player doesn't know Irving Berlin? \n\nIt's a great place to sit and talk and drink wine, AFTER you've eaten somewhere else.
if you're looking for a nice night out, keep looking...
I've been playing softball at Bowling Green for, well, let's just say \"a long time\".  While it's not a modern athletic facility, it's got a niche market.  If you enjoy playing ball, having a cold beer, and having fun with some friends - this is a good place for a league.  The umpires are excellent - I've known a few for many years and they do a great job.  \n\nThe fields are smaller, but \"good bats\" are limited, keeping home runs down a little (but it feels good to get one - it still goes plenty far!).\n\nI hope they stick around for a long time - I love playing there on Tuesday nights.
The scene reminds me of...a garage.  A garage with fairly rude servers and overstuffed patrons with nothing to say.  We waited ... And waited.  The menu had the basics- no problem there.  We waited. Oh, everything is made to order that is why it takes so long... Seriously that is what we were told.  Other reviewers say \"it is like their mothers used to make\".  Sorry to hear your mom was a lousy cook.  And she must've been a grouch.  Yes the food is pretty bad.  Why people go here I can't understand.  I gave it three visits before passing judgement.  The verdict - AVOID.
First we waited 20 minutes which was ok with us but then we waited 45 minutes for our two items to show up that too incomplete. As one of the reviewers mentioned the breakfast was very oily. Taste was just ok. Won't be going back.
Told them to replace my belt tensioner due to frequent squeaking after replacing my belt.. They looked around and said ,\"nope, take the belt back and ask for a new one under warranty\".. Charged be $12, and after installing a new belt, turns out they were right. Honest guys.
Recently rented speakers and microphones for an event and was very pleased with the service and quality. I emailed Full Compass, described my needs, and received a prompt response with a quote (within a couple hours). \n\nEasy pick up during regular business hours. I was showed how to use the equipment and it was loaded into my car. Equipment was easy to set up during our event and the sound quality was great! Quick and simple return. Will definitely use them again!
Hard to pass up the Road Kill Burrito.  Ask for the bucket of sauces.\nIt was as good as when I tried it ten years ago as it was last week.\nI don't think much has changed around here in 30 years, but that is definitely part of the charm.  I have heard the fish fry is good, but I have never been there on a Friday night.  \nLunch crowd has a lot of regular guys, quick and friendly service, prompt and hot food.  \nDon't go looking for the lobster.  Go for the specials, burgers, beer or the burrito!
Go soft and juicy burgers!  I dream and crave these burgers.  Basic cheese burger with pickles and they special mustard.
Delicious pork sandwich with coleslaw and very attentive service at modest prices in a rustic atmosphere
Great food, portions could be smaller. A little pricey for Middleton. Would try somewhere else next time but would also not hesitate to return.
The wait staff were non-existent, the food was atrocious, the mixed drinks weren't drinkable, and the atmosphere was filthy. What more can I say? Ick.
Update: 8/26/12\n\n8:30 A.M. Hangover. Ordered 2 Whoppers w/o cheese and 1 Whopper w/ cheese and 1 order of onion rings. Drive-thru. Had to pull ahead and wait. 21 minutes later, a woman in a purple velvet one piece delivered our food. Don't they have work uniforms here? Jeeez.
Wow.  What a bunch of stoners.
I love the root beer ! Service and atmosphere was cafeteria-like, food was average. Chicken strips and cheese curds were good.
Love everything about this place! My family has been ordering carry out from here for at least 10 years. It's the best Chinese on this side of town. The lo mein rocks!
Way too sweet for my liking. Real authentic Chinese food isn't always sweet. In my opinion, if you like sweet taste this much, might as well eat candy bar dip in corn syrup as a meal. When I ordered my food a few years back from them, they put too much food coloring so much that it looked yellow. It was not appealing to me. But it has been years I haven't been there so they could have improved and better. I sure hope that's the case.
Corp store on Lien rd was not a good choice.  The manager of the store was very unhelpful and gave me the run around about trying to fix my phone. If you want good service with people who actually care, go to the store on University Ave
terrible selection of shoes and jeans, and the changing rooms smell like a red line el stop. if you absolutely must visit a department store, drive a few miles and hit up macy's instead.
I've been here for shows many times through the years.  The venue is small, but it is cozy and has lots of charm.  I've seen stand up comedy, concerts, and other events here and for pretty much all of them I'd say there isn't a bad seat in the house.  \n\nSince it is small though, it tends to get crowded very quickly  - and in general there is not assigned seating for the shows - so definitely show up early (before doors open) to get the best seats, or to make sure you sit together if you are with a large group.   Parking is not the best, but If you don't mind a small walk parking in the neighborhood behind the theater is your best option.
Worst security at any venue I have ever experienced and way overpriced drinks. $9 for a double? Fuck that noise. Security goes through literally all of your stuff at the door, I've been through airports with hassle.
Opinions are a changing.  Went to Pedros over the weekend.  Tamales were not good.  The sauce had formed a skin on the top because it sat under the heat lamps too long.  I took three bites before I found any pork.  I ate half of one and the waiter asked if I wanted to take the rest home.  When I said no, my satisfaction was not questioned.  I'll stick with Laredos.
We called to confirm price AND went online for estimates. The dispatcher told us it would be less than $15. We got to our destination the clock said 10.50 but they said they had to charge us an additional $12! He blamed it on a new dispatcher. Sorry that is not our problem. We will choose another company next time.
Grade: C\n\nChain food. Okay service. I can't explain why I don't hate this place.
It's a national chain so you pretty much get what you'd expect. I have never had problems with the service and the food is always good.
A wash may be better priced than others but you'll get what you pay for. My husband brought out 2008 Prius for a wash and vacuum and it doesn't look like anything has been cleaned! The carpet in the hatch and floors are still dirty and none of the interior was wiped down. We will be going to Octopus or we'll just do it ourselves next time.
It took them two washes and a visit with the owner to get it partially right.\nThe owner thinks the only way to dry windows and windshields is with a wet cloth.\nI couldn't convince the owner of using dry cloths.\nI won't go back - The guy is brusque, and not ethical.  \nThey have hardly any business - I wonder why?\nThey will be out of business soon.\n\nGo to OCTOPUS for the BEST WASH.
We are BIG fans of Area 51 as well as the former 21st Century Antiques, and everything that we have bought from Michael over 20 years in Madison is not only worth a great deal MORE than we paid for them, WE love them even more than when we bought them and couldn't find them again.\n\nMichael has a fantastic eye and the largest warehouse collection of eclectic modern furnishings, lighting and accessories in the area - art deco, arts & crafts, industrial-mid-mod century. Best to call for an appointment as hours are varied. \n\nBring your truck, tape measure and imagination as Area51 of course has a lot of truly one of a kind BIG pieces in addition to upscale kitsch, whimsy and collectible bling.
Too institutional.  Out of a can, bag, box, or freezer.  Parking is very limited.  Not a fan.
So my family and I are trying to enjoy our meals while a group of customers on the other side of the incredibly small dining room are having a loud conversation, taking calls via their cell phone speakers, and listening to YouTube videos on their phones.  I tell our server about it and the manager is then informed.  When the manager walks past the group to investigate, they're not being noisy so nothing is said.  The noise then picks up again and our server comes by to drop off our check.  We're told that our meal is comped by 50%, which I'll obviously take, but that nothing was being done about the noise because the manager didn't hear anything.  So my complaint was without merit and the loud group shouldn't have been told that other customers were complaining about the noise they were making?!  What an incompetent manager!  The food was merely meh.  Other than the noise issue, our server was fine.
Here's the thing, I just never have cash on me, and so it's unlikely I'll ever do the bulk of my shopping at Jenifer Street Market. With that said, my excitement from a year ago has dimmed due to the fact that their produce section has really taken a hit, and I find the place a bit dirty. I don't really want the place I'm buying consumable products to be dirty. Staff is helpful and I don't mind their unfortunate maroon vests (seriously what's with those) but the place has just really gone down hill and doesn't warrant using the ATM and paying insane fees.
My husband, a friend, and myself went there for fish on black Friday. We were surprised that it was not very busy so we thought we would get service pretty quickly. We sat at a table near the salad bar and waited....and waited... and waited. We saw one server and also saw another table waiting for service as well. The waitress never once acknowledged that we were sitting there and she had to pass our table to to wait on another table. All the waitress had to do was say she would be right with us...or SOMETHING. After waiting a half hour with no word from the waitress, we got up and left. Murphy's Bar was way more accommodating.
Neighborhood delivery and takeout great....certainly a step higher than the other chains in this level.\nThey don't biast 30
Friendly staff and quick service but, unfortunately they couldn't make up for the unappetizing dining room and BLAND food.  I'll  be shopping around for another Chinese place.
The food can be good here (not great but good) but the biggest problem for me is the AWFUL service.  Somebody teach these people some customer service.  I swear that the guy who waited on me the last time I was there was high.  The interminable waiting for refills on drinks and the check drove my blood pressure through the roof.\n\nI've determined that the secret to getting good service from anyone here is to be a hot looking college girl...  that seemed to keep the waiter's attention focused on the table next to mine...  Maybe she was one of the more positive posters here.
If I could give this place 10 stars I would. I've been coming here since opened and it is consistently the best. Breakfast all day, more than just burgers and fries, deserts, beer selection....I can't rave enough.\n\nThe meatloaf of the Gods is to die for and their Just Coffee roast (their own blend) is so amazingly good I have my mom buy it and send it up to me in Minneapolis. It's that good.\n\nSome of the people that work there have been there since I was a kid. Its a neighborhood place where you're bound to run into people you know and I make a point to go there at least twice while I'm home to visit.\n\nYay Monty's!
I like Monty's food--breakfast, lunch, and dinner are all very good--but I just can't help thinking that it's overpriced when I go there.  It seems like it should be diner-priced . . . but almost $9 for a grilled cheese seems a bit steep to me.  Their desserts are to die for, though.
Yucky greasy food.
Sweet potato hash is fantastic!  The tofu scramble has a bit of a spicy kick and is a great option for vegans.  In fact, their veg dishes are just plain good. Service is very friendly and their cheesecake is very creamy and delicious.
What an eclectic menu for a diner!  The ambiance is just what you would expect from a classic 60's diner.  I had a ruben and some fries and it was really good!  Most places use processed corned beef.  Theirs was real sliced beef...very tender and very flavorful.  Probably the best ruben I have ever had.  I had to try the pie too since they tease you with a great display right when you walk in.  The French silk was really rich and chocolaty.  Definately worth the stop if you are in the area or passing through.
Craving a chocolate malt, I stopped in on a walk around 3 pm on a Friday afternoon. The place was largely empty, and spotless. I haven't been to Monty's in several years, after suffering from 'stomach issues' after dining here back then, I couldn't bring myself to chance it again.\n\nNo issues this time, I'm happy to report. I ordered a triple chocolate malt to go. Chocolate (Sassy Cow!) ice cream, chocolate milk and chocolate syrup. Really good, and worth the $7 price tag. Definitely killed the craving, and put a happy spring in my step for the rest of my errand walk around the Atwood area.\n\nThe service was fast and friendly, as there were more than enough employees waiting around for the afternoon and evening dinner rush to begin. Maybe next time I'll be brave enough to try the food again :-)
Amazing is all I can say. They have absolutely everything. No, it's not organic but it's super homemade and killer. I get something different every time I am there and have yet to be disappointed. All the brats, beef, chicken, BACON are all wonderful. Support local butchers or they will disappear! Perfect example, I went in and asked for a pound of italian sausage (kale/cauliflower/sausage pot pie, yum!) and they were out but they offered to make me some on the spot. Really amazing service and great product quality. Make the trip to Jim's
This was our first B&B expierence and it was amazing! We stayed here June 2012 for a birthday weekend. The owners made us feel very special and right at home. Our room, the Madison Lakes Room, was huge and the bathroom was spectacular. I loved the steam shower! The property is large and a great place to take a walk during the day. They are also lots of outdoor seating areas to sit and enjoy the scenery or read a book. The breakfast was great, I think we had 3 courses a day of food. Pat makes a great breakfast and Bob provides good company during the meal. Their dog Happy is also a companion while you eat or walk the property.\n\n They do also have snacks in the lounge area for you to enjoy at anytime. There are sodas in the fridge and sometimes fresh baked cookies!
Slightly lower than average Hampton Inn.  Heat/AC wasn't updated, pretty typical besides that.
Doesn't look like anything special from the outside and was a bit reluctant to go in, but I'm thrilled I did. Honestly used to go here every weekend when I lived in the area. Perry makes one of the best burgers in town. I think they said they get their meat fresh from the willy st co-op every day. So delicious. Then I'd stay and fill up on relatively cheap drinks and catch the Brewers or Bucks game. They have a ton of tv's along with pool, ping pong, and darts. Perfect place if you want some good food and a place to watch the game.
I love the Ohio.  It's the kind of hellhole where you can watch a prostitute sing \"like a virgin\" on karaoke night, and see old dudes in satin jackets with bar logos on them get in fights.\n\nClassy.
Kind of tucked away and hard to notice, especially being next to the really glammed out Ella's Deli. But worth a visit if you're looking for a good gyro or kebab. :]\n\nThe donuts are alright too. They have a wide variety! Myself, I really rather like their cookies. They also offer homemade baklava.\n\nReally though I can reccomend their sandwiches with a side of the seasoned fries. Quite yummy! Vegetarian options also available such as potato kahbi or falafel sandwiches. And they had a lot of beverages to choose from too.\n\nAlthough the location is not ideal, it's worth a stop if you're in that part of town. :]
I love their thin crust pizza but I always feel a little ripped off which keeps me from ordering from them often.  They charge a steep delivery fee which if not taken form the tip makes a pizza almost 28 bucks.  Other places around here have bullshit delivery fees (along with bitchy statements about not taking the fee out of your tip, as if the person buying the food is responsible for the shitty wage the store pays or the tacked on fee that apparently does not actually support delivery) but they are usually less.
I was in town for the weekend with my son (13) and his friend. asked the front desk at my hotel if there was any good Chicago style pizza places in Madison. I was directed to rosati's. such a disappointment. very bland & the crust...just no. the teenagers even thought it was mediocre. we each tried a slice, put the rest in the hall & called a different place.
N E W   S E A T S !!!!  The old bench were terrible and kept us away.  We spent two games this year and we are hooked.
Had a lot of fun at a Mallards game recently.  Food and beer are top-notch in both prices and quality.  Front-row seats along the basepaths are a bit narrow and claustrophobic; it seems like they sacrificed about 3-4 inches of legroom compared to other rows.  People were friendly, but the all-out assault on buying raffle tickets and everything when you walk in the park is a bit much.  Loved the between-inning games and promos.
Really beautiful place. Must go see - herb garden - TOUCH N FEEL was really good. Otherwise really big place and definitely can cater to an event. Thai Garden was also good.
Pretty impressive landscaping, floral and fauna display. Free admission, but I suggest spending the extra $2 and visit the conservatory whi check has butterflies and a few birds.
Grease running down my hand. That's a first. Maybe that's appealing to some people, but definitely not me.\n\nSorry, Pizza Pit staff. \n\n[Cue the Tim & Eric \"Ya blew it!\" .gif.]
DO NOT EAT HERE.  They changed my tip and charged me $28 for lunch.  Absolutely ridiculous.
I read the new ass't governor gave a speech there invoking God.  Please, spare me, now I will pass.\n\nPlease save that shit for church.  The rest of us will pass on this crap.
Poor service by the wait staff is my biggest complaint. We were there at 5:00 (and it wasn't busy yet), and it took probably 15 minutes to place our order. \n\nFinally, $16.95 for a fish fry. Yowzers!
Grade: D\n\nYeah, I order my martinis served on the rocks and in goblets... Duh.
The Korean tacos are not half bad, and the kid really likes the burgers.
Best BBQ in Madison.  Hands down.  Only loses a star for consistently messing up take-out orders and not being up to par compared to places in the south.
Great BBQ!\nIt's a little out of the way, but worth the journey if you're looking for decent BBQ.\nI don't remember seeing any highchairs.  We ended up bringing in our stroller for our daughter to sit in.\nWhile you have to order your food at the counter, there is a wait staff that will bring your food to you and refill your drinks.\nNo alcoholic beverages... (that's why 4 stars).
The ribs, you must try them! My major mistake was getting a 1/3 slab.
Worst service ever.  No one cares, was lied to, wasted my time, twice and ended up demanding a refund and taking business elsewhere.  NEVER AGAIN.
You will never go away hungry...and your wallet will not be much lighter.  Good food, good prices and wonderful staff.
Wow, this antique mall seems to go on and on forever. It is huge and has a wonderful selection of collectibles. I am in the market for collectible books and they had so many books, that I could not see them all in this trip. There are a lot of kitchen items, dishes and vintage toys. This is a great place to spend a Saturday afternoon. The prices were reasonable. There was a check in offer and some of the dealers booths have coupons.
The Good\nLots of local food\nDelicious pre-made food options\nPretty decent bakery\n\nThe Bad\nNot a lot of options for staples\nA little hard to navigate\n\nThe Ugly\nPrice are sometimes just too high for my taste
While not for everyone, I find this store to be just fine for me when I need to pick up a few things for dinner and get some (great) donuts for my husband. It's also a great store for moms with young children or the elderly since everything is compact and easy to reach or get to. The staff seems to work like an extended family, friendly with customers and maybe a bit too open about their personal lives. Now that competitive stores are being built around the older strip mall where it resides, I fear for the outcome of this little store that I can walk or bike to.
I had a craving for KFC. I went through the drive through and the machine was muffled terribly. The service was slow. When I got home, the food was poor quality. The mashed potatoes were dry and the macaroni and cheese was lumpy. Even the coleslaw was very dry. The worst was the chicken strips, which were extremely dry and nearly too hard to bite into. \n\nI returned to the location to comment the next day and the man at the counter (I assume the manager) was very rude.\n\nI would not recommend this location based on service and good quality.
Ok, so Dairyland gets a really bad rap. I get it, it is small, simple, nothing special.  The service is good.  The food is decent. However, the place is not awful.  It is just your local breakfast place with food options under $10.  I had the ham and cheese omelette. Was it great?  No. It was a plain ham and cheese omelette. This restaurant reminds me of cute little hole in the wall breakfast places.  \n\nIt is very family friendly. They always have ample parking and can accommodate large groups.  Unfortunately, it just can not compete with some of its neighboring restaurants.
This location used to be an absolute hole.  They recently renovated both the interior and the exterior, and now it's a very pleasant, good-looking store.\n\nHowever, it's still Wendy's food.  And that's only okay.
Sloooooowwwwwwwww. Couldn't believe how long it took to be served below mediocre food.
Typical burger and beer place.  Food is pretty good.  Service was great!
Wouldn't do an oil change when I came in at 5:10, the guy at the desk said they didn't have time to do it, but they only had one car in the bay. What's the point in advertising a cheap special on oil changes if you won't do it because you close only an hour after people get off work.
The best fast food I know of. Maybe Chipotle, as well. Staff is always friendly. I'm not from here but this place is very Wisconsin-y to me, in a food way.\n\nGood chili.
Mediocre sushi, that is priced above what it should be at.
Well made sushi, not expensive; always fresh.  Very friendly people and I actually like the casual decor.  They make orders out up quickly too!  Not a great place for a fancy date, but one of my favorites in Madison for the true sushi lover who isn't looking to make a big deal of their sushi dinner - they just crave solidly well done sushi.
Great bread!  But I wish the sandwiches were a little bigger.  I got the wheat sub roll with meal deal and it disappeared too quickly...left me hungry!  I guess I'll try the french bread next time.  Maybe it's a little bigger.
We've been to Boomerangs on several occasions now. Their wing night on Wednesdays can't be beat. Their sauces are really good. I actually prefer a lot of their sauces over that big-chain wing place (which I won't name). The wings are really big and only 33 cents. I like that you can get as many of any flavor as your want without an extra charge. My favorite sauces are the jerk and tequila lime.Their sides and burgers are really good, too. \n\n{EDIT} We went to wing night again last night and got onion rings. I can't think of anyplace that has better onion rings. They're not frozen, obviously hand-dipped. They even give you the fried crumblies. Holy moly, they were so good. \n\nNice staff, nice place. I like going here because it has a neighborhood bar feeling.
ok, so the \"not very thorough\" part i mentioned in my last review is the main problem with the subsequent visits i've paid to this place. the pedicures i've had have taken about 10 minutes, tops--very hurried and not exactly thorough. last time i went, they cut my toenails crooked to top it all off. ugh. guess my quest for a decent nail joint here in town isn't quite over.
Wonderful bake-it yourself pizza.  My friend and I always get the vegetarian and it comes loaded with all the usual veggies and ample cheese.  There's a gourmet vegetarian option with artichoke hearts and spinach that's great as well.  They have good fresh salads and cookie dough for sale also.  Service went downhill there for awhile-they had some downright sullen people in there who used to get upset with us if we came in a half hour before closing, because they were wanting to clean up for the night.  But those employees seem to be gone and everyone is very nice again.  Prices are very reasonable and the food is of high quality.  A winner!
Stopped here on our way back form Florida... not much to choose from out here...\n\nI tried the shrimp & grits.. AWESOME!!!!  Never thought  this would be a good combo but it works here!! \nAnd try the crustless coconut cream pie... MMMM!!!\ngood attentive service.
Farm and Fleet is perfect for finding items like spark plugs, air filters, and other automotive bits.  They also offer a huge selection of housewares and hardware.  Also, this place is CHEAP.  \n\nOne other thing: if you're a student going to a barn dance, Farm and Fleet is your one stop shop for flannel shirts, farm boots, and enormous belt buckles.
I get my hair cut at these types of places and i rotate all the time. There is a guy here - mildly creepy and blatently prompting you for gossip. I'm sure he and so many other stylists get a ton of it but i could tell he was prompting me for it. No thanks. When i want to put people on blast i'll do it myself.
Went here after a doctors appointment one day. The pizza was good. The small salad wasn't their best. The service sucked. The waitress didn't give us refills and nothing was clean. She gave us our check but never came back to take our money. My husband almost walked out after being ignored at the desk by many waitresses that still wouldn't take our money. Finally, the manager did. I will not be back because of the horrible service.
MTD is a great way to get to class when the weather is nasty.  However, the buses are often late, so be sure to choose a bus that arrives to your destination a few minutes early.  At least the MTD buses are free to students.
This place is awful! I have rented from this location several times over the years and not once has it been good, but this experience has put me off U-Haul forever. A planned move to Fla has been thrown into total disarray because they screwed up a reservation that I made in person and confirmed in person, 6 weeks in advance! The employees are either dumb or just don't give a shit. They're unorganized and totally clueless. I have never used a business so poorly run. How this store stays in business is a mystery to me and any corporation that tolerates such bad performance from a franchise will not get another $ from me. Or maybe they're all this bad. Regardless, I suggest you use Penske, Budget or carry your shit on your back before using U-Haul!
Can't go wrong with Brothers. Large airy bar that seems to be a great place to catch a game. Not as good as the Iowa location, but worth checking out.
I saw Dr. Samuel-Parks at the Mahomet location to discuss weight loss medication. I am a veterinarian myself, and I have completed nearly identical medical education to her. I expected some level of professional courtesy, or at the very least not treating me like a layperson. Dr. Samuel-Parks was condescending and dismissive. She told me right off the bat: \"I don't believe in diet pills.\" She patronized me, told me to stop drinking sugary coffee drinks (I don't. I hate them. I drink my coffee black. She just assumed I drink 700 calorie frappes.). She didn't even perform a full physical on me. Then I got a bill for $130 for five minutes of being talked down to and a TPR. I found another doctor who actually listened to me, treated me like an intelligent person, and with a diet and exercise program and a phentermine prescription I've lost 20 lbs.
Dorcas is a very standard Korean restaurant... that Koreans actually go to! The portions are substantial, soups authentic, and banchan wonderfully served. This place reminds me of cafeterias back in Seoul, and not necessary all in a good way. The interior is clearly not meant for show, and while you know what? It makes the food stand out even better!
Cafe Luna in theory has much going for it - trendy interior, good location in campustown, free parking, and an excellent wine list. That said, it seems that their tapas style menu is still needs a lot of work for the prices they are asking. I've been twice - each time fried foods have been either undercooked or soggy, cold dishes served at room temperature, the cds being played skipped. All of that said, the staff seemed distracted - which I could forgive if there were more than five people in the restaurant. I am giving it three stars as the menu is at least interesting and the selection of wine and spirits excellent. Otherwise, it would be a two star selection.
I absolutely think that Bombay Grill has the best chicken mahkani.  No restaurants in Chicago (even on Devon) can compare!  Or maybe I just haven't found that one perfect place in the city yet...\n\nSo anyways, when I was an undergrad, I luckily lived across the street from Bombay so I would come here all the time.  The manager knew me by my first name, hahahahha that was embarassing.  \n\nYes their prices can be a little expensive but I think it's worth it.  I love their garlic naan too.  What I hate about all indian restaurants is that everything is always separate--- naan, rice, etc.  Blah.\n\nAnyways, A+ for Bombay!
This place makes no qualms about itself. It is a solid Punjabi joint, creamy curries, paneer and all.  That said, it's rather lacking in spicy inspiration - both locations didn't feature any sort of kick to their curries.  However, the lunch special is all bang for your buck...I recently went here on a lunch meeting and my professor and I were able to split one plate and leave completely stuffed!  I'm glad the only real traditional Punjabi Indian joint in C-U isn't a disaster, but it's nothing to write home about either!
I would highly recommend the lamb curry which is spicy and comes with fragrant basmati rice. The naan is really great too. I also enjoy the aloo tikki appetizer, as well as the samosas. I am not an expert on Indian food so I can't tell you how authentic it is, but I can tell you that it is delicious.
I reviewed this in 2009 to let people know that I got food poisoning here. I ate here again and am rating it more highly cause I ate the veg food and it was fine, but mostly because I highly approve of the quantity and quality of their rice.  Working class Asian Americans like myself love their rice and this place is super generous and the quality is very very good. Better than the entree itself in fact.
generally okay place, a little overpriced for the settings:(  noisy and place is too small, not looking very neat... food portion is below average. maybe not again.
Boo notes and quotes for raising prices tenfold just b/c they were making illegal copies. No one should pay $150 for 100 pages of paper.
Called from marketplace mall area... When i told the girl on the phone, she said that I was serviced by a different location and that they were closed.  Then she hung up on me without as much as a goodbye.  Wow... No effort to satisfy a customer at all.
I really love chinese food but this place was absolutely horrible. I tried two dishes but both of them tasted real bad and smelled weird as well. Never go here. They have the worst food in entire Urbana-Champaign area.
i recently went on thai food kick around town... and to make the comparison fair decided to have basil chicken in several places... Thara Thai, Nitaya Thai and Basil Thai in campustown. the latter (Basil Thai) is by far the worst. as one reviewer already wrote before me, this is made here with ground chicken which is tasteless, too little food, and covered in a litre of sauce/broth. WTF? the tables and chairs in this place also seem sticky... covered in some weird nasty film. in summary, two words: stay away.
Ugh. A curry dish with barely any veggies? No, potatoes do not count. They're not green. Even some basil in this so-called  \"basil thai\" restaurant would have been nice. Curry is hard to mess up because it has such strong flavor. However, given a choice, why go and have bad food?
Went with a friend and got a Bento box (Salmon teriyaki).  Food was good, but the place is a bit far from campus.  I'm not a fan of Miso soup, but the rest of my meal was good.
Overpriced just \"okay\" italian food.  My dinner included overcooked (mushy) pasta and overcooked shrimp...husbands chicken had gross fat and chewy sections.  Not worth the $50 price tag...should have ate at a local joint.
I love olive garden, but this one seems to have poor service.  The only reason why I keep coming here is for the salad and breadsticks.  I went here for my birthday this past Saturday and it was probably the best service I got and it still wasn't that great.   The wait wasn't as long as usual but that could be cause it's summer.  I wish they let us enjoy our salad longer, but that's probably cause they don't want us to eat several bowls of it cause it's unlimited
I'm not the hugest fan of Indian food but if I had to eat it this is where I would go. They also have a few other dishes besides Indian which is nice. The food tends to be spicey and pretty authentic!  A lot of what they offer is geared toward the vegetarian crowd.
Aw, yeah! I never will go to County Market for my meat shopping again! Old Time can meet almost all of your meat eating needs and they do have a customer appreciation card where you get 10% off your next purchase when you purchase $200 worth at the store. Their sausages are quite good and their special flavors (applewursts you should try for sure!) change but they still have the classic bratwursts and mild and spicy italian sausage. Their flank steak is also good and their bulk italian sausage is also worth your while especially if you make spaghetti sauce from scratch. My complaint is that their hours and location could be better. Their staff is always helpful and they can help with getting special meat cuts.
Easy to schedule and they are the few shops that's open at weekends. \nTheir $50 special of oil change, tire rotation and wiper change is a good deal. Other than that it's pretty similar to other shops. \nLong wait sometimes. An hour wait for an oil change
This is a great store.  The employees are very helpful and knowledgeable.   They have a great selection of fish and supplies, as well as mice,ferrets,birds,reptiles,and hermit crabs.  If you have a problem with your tank, they will test your water and tell you how to fix it.
I know Urbana is supposedly the artsy-fartsy Birkenstock side of CU, and so, while I understand why Art Coop would elect to move there and into the creepy old and largely deserted Lincoln Square Mall, I just miss their presence on campus. (doggone it, when I was a fine arts design major, the coop was conveniently located on campus and staffed by some of my quirky classmates and I felt at home inside the coop. Now, not so much. :/ )\n\nThe prices are not great, definitely higher than Dick Blick. And the assortment of weird and wonderful papers and tidbits also seems to have dwindled. Frankly, it's just as easy and more price effective to shop on line for the run of the mill basics.\n\nI miss the old school Art Coop. :(
The man who was taking in my dry cleaning order was very short with me, rude, and then threw (literally) my clothes into a basket as I walked away. I asked if he could be more gentle with my clothes and he told me \"They're fine\". I promptly asked for my clothes back and took them to Denny's on Mattis. Last time I use any Starcrest dry cleaning.
The best vintage shop in Champaign! Scott and Amanda are always up for a chat about mid-century furniture, and are lovely people.\n\nFurniture Lounge is simply the best shop to go to if:\n\n* you are redesigning your home and need furnishings, lighting, decor\n* you are trying to find a unique gift for a friend or relative\n* you love thrifting, antiques, or vintage\n* you love mid century modern design\n* you want to look at something interesting and beautiful!\n\nThey recently started taking credit via Square reader in their new downtown Champaign location.
The Merry-Ann's at Neil and Kirby is a standby.  I use to live near there and my neighbor and I would go there every Sunday morning.  The regular waitress was awesome and knew what we wanted.  It is the typical greasy spoon and I love it for that.  Got the t-shirt.  I've moved and have yet to find that certain place that gives me the warm fuzzy feeling that a omelette or diner's stack from Merry-Ann's can provide.  Forget your calorie-counting conscience at the door.\n\nI think the one downtown is okay, but because I heart the original so much, the dt one will never compare.
Love crepes! I've always eaten them as desserts with chocolate and banana nutella. I've been to Paris twice and make a point to eat them when I'm there, but these are pretty amazing! The lunch crepes are great, and you can even build your own. A lot of people complain about the price but I htink the ingredients are stellar and worth every penny. Not to mention, I love that you can see the kitchen, and the place is really cute and quaint. I definitely recommend at least trying it out!
I had a craving for Mexican food tonight... which happens rarely enough that I should I should indulge. I had no idea where to get good Mexican food in Champaign, but a quick Yelp search brought up Fiesta Cafe, which is conveniently located just a few blocks from my apartment, and also stays open everyday until 12am (an oddity in Champaign where a lot of restaurants are closed by 10pm). \n\nSo I decided to check it out: I didn't actually eat there, only got food to go, but the restaurant seems pleasant enough that I will probably go back soon. I ordered the chicken mole, and it turned out to be quite good... in fact, surprisingly good and quite better than most Mexican food I had while I was in NYC. It's also very reasonably priced, and the service was very friendly. Nice place!
Three stars for the food, and an extra for the great margaritas;\n\nFood-wise, I left full but don't remember being too impressed based on the number on the receipt, but the service I had was good.\n\nThey've got a wide selection of tequilas to fit you budget or tastes, and the mix was pretty good, too.
I got Sam's French Toast with a side of eggs and the eggs were fine but the french toast mostly tasted of everything else that was on the grill. I think if there were separate grills for meat vs other items it would've been better. Friendly service though.
I always look for a nice pub when visiting different cities. I saw this while walking on campus and decided to check it out.... Staff not friendly or sociable... Maybe it's because Im from the south and use to hospitality ....but damn how about a smile and a conversation I WAS ONLY PERSON at the bar.. I even tried to get a convo going... I know my opinion isn't going to close the bar but as a former bartender who OWNs a company now .... Customer Service is what will make you $$$.
It's closed!  Thank goodness!\n\nI was hear once with some girl friends and a couple of guys started chatting us up.  During the conversation one of them started to look really ill, they were both obviously drunk, and before we knew it the ill-looking one was vomiting in the corner of our table.  It was disgusting.  \nWe immediately notified the bartender who then mopped up the vomit with a dirty looking rag and declared the table good as new for incoming patrons.  Needless to say, we warned the next people who attempted to sit there.
I'd say this place is pretty hipster.\nNot just \"alternative,\" like all the edgy people you can muster in CU come here - it has a real hipster attitude.\n\nBut I still love it.\nAll the beers. All the liquor.\nThe excellent beer garden.\nThe good tunes.\nThe creepy room upstairs for shows.\n\nCheers!
It was empty when I got there to meet up with some people, but did get crowded as the night progressed.  The beer prices are on the wall, so they stay the same.  But depending on your bartender, the mixed drink prices changed throughout the night, which I am not a fan of.  It means someone is adding a little extra on for themselves.  And there was a definite difference in how much liquor each bartender put in.  In my opinion, both were pretty weak pours.\n\nMy friends ended up having to pay a cover for the bands, which was not fair because we didn't even venture upstairs.  Take the cover price upstairs for those that are actually going to see the band, not for those who just want to hang out downstairs.  \n\nThey have drink specials Sunday - Thursday, but none for the weekends.
Jillian's offered great football viewing for those of us with allegiances to teams outside the Midwest.  good bar entertainment options, not so great food...or service...or beer/wine selection.  \n\nbut none of this matters much, as they have CLOSED due to the emergence of downtown Champaign as the nightspot of choice (to paraphrase the News-Gazette article that announced the closure).
Very good soup and fish dishes.
Daily special number 1 is the way to go! It comes with half a mackerel, and a decent bowl of tofu soup. The mackerel can be dry at times though. The kimchi jjigae has a large portion and tastes good too.
We try and go there for the best fish sandwich in town ! Be sure and order the beer batter onion rings also. A quaint Illini sports bar with a nice atmosphere and  easy access. A pay parking lot is right next door.
Ok beer selection, ok bar food (though I am a bit of a beer/food snob).  I don't mind going when a group wants to go, but not my first choice if I'm out on my own.
This guy really knows what he is doing.  I always feel better when I leave!
So many lovely memories of going here twice a week (at least!) with my boy.\n\nWe would order strictly from the Korean Menu--if memory serves me right, \"intestine shaped like squirrel\", anyone?\n\nExcellent owners and staff with a very inviting and unique environment.
The Tumble Inn is a no-frills sports bar on the edge of downtown Champaign - they have a bunch of TVs, a lot of domestics on tap, and there's usually a barbecue truck parked out front. I have been here on several occasions at off-peak times to watch sporting events, and each time has been thoroughly enjoyable.
Compared to the malls in Springfield and Decatur, this one is the better of the three. There are no empty stores and it does get busy at the mall. \nThey have a great steak and potato company which closed in Springfield years ago. \nI like all the speciality stores that are here. They have a kitchen store, tons of kids stores, a gamestop, department stores, pet store, etc.
Nice mall great stores and food court but they need more seating for people.
Cheap and perfectly adequate. The kind of place you order from because it's close and cheap. If you're willing to travel farther, wait longer, or spend more, go elsewhere. But this is a fine option, and you can get a lunch special with an entree and fried rice for $4.50. I like the broccoli with garlic sauce--the sauce is good but not great, but the broccoli is perfectly cooked. Mmm.
I really think this is some of the best Chinese food in Champaign. I was an Empire fan for the longest, but one dish from Number one Wok is definitely more savory than Empire or Evo in comparison. \n\nThey are a little heavy on their pork inclusions to fried rice and egg rolls, but I enjoy swine so the more for me.
This is your basic mall fast food Chinese place. Don't expect anything more than that. That's why it's 3 stars. It's good for what it is, but it's pretty  much what you'd get at other Panda locations. The thing that struck me about this little food court counter is what you can't see from the front. I used to work doing refrigeration and commercial appliance repair in the area. This particular Panda location always had the cleanest and best maintained kitchen I've seen in the CU area, and I've been in a lot of them. Color me impressed.
Great atmosphere, delicious coffee, awesome food. This is my default stop for coffee or a place to spend the afternoon. It can get a little crowded at times though.\n\nThe Thai Tempeh sandwhich is amazing, also try the cold brew coffee sometime.
This review is based on my experience sitting outside.  In the summer, as many others do, I enjoy sitting outside to meet others and have great coffee.\nUnfortunately, the majority of the tables outside of Cafe Kopi allow smoking, even though many of these tables are less than 15 feet from the door.  I have been sitting here for an hour and a half and I have not been able to enjoy this for more than five minutes, as the stream of smoking is constant.\n\nI would think that in this day and age, cafes would discourage smoking so as not to harm the health of other guests.\n\nThis is intolerable, and I won't be back to sit outside.\n\nCoffe is good, but my lungs are worth more.
Wanted Thai while on Champaign for work. Tried this place and it was good but very small portions. So much so that I had to get taco bell fourth meal 3 hours later.
Their Kobe burger with cheddar cheese, lettuce, pickles on the side, and hot fries are amazing. It satisfies the \"hard-core\" hunger..making my mouth water even now. The service is straight forward, rapid and no-questions asked cooperative.\n\nThey have at least two large TV's with sports and the food network on them, it's fun to watch as you dine in. Farren's Pub is a flight of stairs down from the street level, and filled with indoor lights and good aromas. \nThey have hot tea for the non-drinker, and it's non smoking of course. Very cool place.
I really don't get what the big deal is with this place.  I have had friends tell me thats they have some of the best burgers out there, but when i went there they were nothing special.  The place as a whole is just average: the setting, the service and the food.  This place is over rated.
Seriously. Best burgers in town. The black burger is BOMB! Without that cajun remoulade, it's delicious, but with it, FREAKIN' FANTASTIC! The fresh house made potato chips are like crack with the black truffle sea salt they use. My heart was almost broken when they were sold out of chips, but the server (also the owner) said they could add the crack...erm... salt.. to the house cut fries. Wasn't quite the same, but it was still very tasty. Service isn't always super friendly, but I don't care when I get the best burger and chips in town. The burgers aren't the only good part. They have daily specials that have always been satisfying and unique. They also have some stellar dark beers. Wait time can be a little long depending on when you come, but it's worth the wait.
I heard that this restaurant is closing soon. So my coworkers and I went to try it out. Their lunch menu has excellent selections. You can either go with their entrees or there's an option to choose 2 or 3 of their entrees in a single dish. The service is exceptional as well. Definitely one of Champaign's best.
I used to LOVE the Great Impasta.  It was my restaurant of choice.  If there was a night out to be had, it started here!\n\nHowever, as time went on, the food quality slowly started to slip.  They stopped warming the bread before bringing it to the table.  The service started getting harder to find.  Then, during my last two visits, the food came out luke warm at best.\n\nI loved this place in the beginning, but sadly had to say farewell.  I was sorry to see the larger location close, and even sorrier to find the new location still leaves much to be desired.
Update - finally went to the new Lincoln Square Mall location. The decor is just awful, which is sad considering how nice the old place was. Cramped seating, depressing track lighting, drop ceilings, weird art right behind your seats so you keep bumping into it. They were out of the first two things I ordered (one was a special, so fine, but out of a basic bread-based app?)\n\nPasta took forever to come out, and my friend's was so cold that the cream sauce had congealed. Sigh.
I've had good luck selling stuff here, but none when it comes to buying things. I just feel like everything here is either tacky, terribly made, or just an old trend. I definitely have better luck at TJ Maxx for sure.
fun place to stop for a treat if you're trecking across campus.  perfectly located just off the quad on wright st.  pretty good flavor and rather fresh.  they stopped making my favorite  piece in their collection; the earl grey truffle, so minus one star for creating a love affair with an unavailable partner.
I probably would have given moonstruck threeish stars when it was open, but I can't give it any stars any more because it's closed!  That seemed kind of sudden!  I wonder what happened / what is going to go in there instead.  Panera pleeeaaasssseeeee.
You were overpriced and full of yourself (Really, charging for wifi? meh), but you left us too soon, Moonstruck.\n\nI liked knowing that if i wanted to spend too much money and feel bad about it later, I could have a reliably delicious mexican mocha with some decent, high quality chocolate.  And your logo was cute.\n\nBut, you know, you could've been more affordable and less pretentious too.  That doesn't mean I wanted the gimmicky yogurt/chocolate/blah place to replace you, though. :(\n\nMoonstruck, your'e like that kid in high school I felt ambivalent about only to find out he's now in jail.  I'm sad for you, but not particularly surprised.
This place is only good for picking up dumb underage girls.  Not worth it.
Why did I come here: It was close by which is a plus for a student who lives in Campustown and wants to support something local.\n\nThey are open at good hours and I have never had a problem with getting an appointment. \n\nFor a GUYS haircut, it is the perfect price for what I get. I have gone to more expensive places in the NW for a similar quality haircut. It is quick too and I never wait long.\n\nThe stylists are nice and friendly. I love the joke one plays on me when they \"That will be a million dollars, please.\" If you like deals and are willing to pay cash, you can get your 10th haircut free.
OMG! Their cookies are delicious! I had the peanut butter cookie (awesome!), rice krispy treat (delicious!), ice cream sandwich (okay...), & the sugar cookie (pretty good...).\n\nThey do accept credit cards, but only on orders that are $5 or more.
Seeing how little went into my quesadilla, I'm not comfortable with paying over $7. At least use a mixed cheese blend!  And seeing how little effort went into making my quesadilla, I am really not impressed (you would think a labor charge is rolled into the price of food.)\n\nMaybe what distinguishes Qdoba are the burritos with their special combos, but I am nonplussed to try them again. Oh well.
What the actual F? I just got a random text message from these people advertising some special sale on tooth crowning. Seriously? This is what modern dentistry has come to? Blasting \"sales\" for dental work via text messages? I was a patient there OVER 5 YEARS AGO. Why am I even on the spam list?\n\nShameful, absolutely shameful.
The service is rude here. They are impersonal and impolite. The food is ok, nothing outstanding but not horrible. They have really good crab ragoons, and their jjajangmyeon is the best you'll find in champaign. In short: food is decent but service is horrible.
I have been ordering food from Rainbow Garden for ten years. Their food is delicious, it's always hot, and delivery is fast! My husband loves the crab rangoon, and I don't think I've ever had a dish I didn't like.\n\nRainbow Garden is also a great spot for lunch. They have the usual lunch special: soup, spring roll and entree with rice for $6-$8.  The lunch specials are a great value, however they only include the common/popular Chinese restaurant dishes such as general tso's, princess, garlic sauce, etc.  If you want something different, you have to order off of the full menu.  But the food quality here is very good and everything tastes fresh.  I'm a fan.
The better of the two Asian grocery stores on/around campus.\n\nI especially like that they have the kitchen appliances you can't find in a typical grocery store (like mini rice cookers, hot water pots, electric hot pots, etc.), and lots of random drinks, candies, snacks, etc. like a traditional store in Asia.\n\nTheir produce selection is probably smaller than Far East, but I still think you'd be able to find anything you could need here.  Plus, Am-Ko is just a much more pleasant place to shop as everything is organized well and it's just.... cleaner!
Cheap beer, dive bar, great company, and holy crap--did everyone just eat a hojillion peanuts and dump their shells on the floor?  Really? What the hell, it's a great dive bar.  I cant' even hate on it.\n\nThe booths are big and comfy, the setting is as nonpretentious as it gets, and the peeps are chill as hell--and most likely you're not gonna run into many undergrads ;)
Location is good, drinks are usually on the strong side...HOWEVER, the rude service you can expect to receive here, far outweigh the positives.  Every single visit to the esquire, I received unfriendly, uninviting service.  The crowd in this place is 40+ and unless you fall into this category, the staff will make you feel very unwelcome.  Every trip downtown, I want to give esquire another chance, and every time I'm disappointed.
Excellent pizza (full disclosure: I was a cook here) and decent beer selection. The pool tables make it difficult to socialize at time,  the bar space is too long and not wide enough. However, if you like pool, these are very good tables.
Jupiter's is a fun place for families with younger kids, but it's not anything special for adults.  The food isn't spectacular, and the pizza is similar to Monical's thin crust pizza if you're curious what to expect.  There's a BIG arcade room with pool tables and video games, but this area gets PACKED if you go at a popular time of day.  I've only been to Jupiter's once, and I haven't really had the desire to go back.  The service was ok, but the atmosphere and food weren't anything special.  We also had a LONG wait to get a table and food.
worth the half off tues. guys... real cheese in those shakers. nuff said.
I am from Dallas and in Champaign for business.  I looked at Yelp for suggestions on good places to eat and Bacaro seemed to be the place to go.  I thought it was great.  Unique tasty dishes!
Bacaro's cuisine is innovative and delicious! Appropriate proportions are creatively presented. Ingredients are always fresh and the specials take advantage of what's in season, putting subtle twists on traditional dishes that make you relish for the next bite! The service and ambiance are the tops! Clean, engaging art, cool bar! Thad the owner is most gracious and makes everyone feel like a guest in his home. The wait staff is most accommodating and shares in Thad's love for the culinary arts. Bacaro might remind you of a River North restaurant (Chicago) without the inflated cost. Great people watching can be had on their outdoor terrace.
I had Saturday brunch here this week and was terribly disappointed.  In the past its Radio Maria has been nothing but fantastic, but all they had for the lunch menu was a set of sandwiches.  Really nothing exciting at all.  Make sure you check to see what they're serving that particular day before you go for lunch.
Awful place. \n\nIf you are trying to go there for good drinks this is an OK place to go to but the food was horrible. The tapas ceviche was $10 which came with 4 shrimp and was topped with popcorn (I have no idea why). If they were trying to go for fun and innovative food this place completely missed the mark. The potatoes and chorizo came in an extremely small portions and where bland. Not to mention the paella which was $25 and the rice was not well cooked. This place takes small portions to a new level. Overall I left that place with $80 less and still hungry. Not worth the money and the food was a complete disappointment. The only reason this place is getting two stars is because of their drinks.
I love this place.  My friends and I try to have a 'girl's night out' once a month and we frequent Radio Maria because of the delicious cuisine and the atmosphere.  It is relaxing and has several conversation pieces.  The service is spectacular.  This is one of my favorite local spots to dine in Champaign
By far our favorite spot we've eaten at so far in Champaign. Our server was a little strange - definitely new to the job - but the food was excellent and the service was completely reasonable. Very large beer selection as well. Highly recommend - we'll be back!!
Some of the best cocktails in town. Only downside is some bartenders make them better than others. Love the mojitos! Reasonable prices. Nice decor. Nice crowd. Nice music. I went for brunch and had a lobster omelette.. I found it had a bit too many different flavors for my taste, but I'm sure others would love it, as I'm kind of picky. The guava mimosa wasn't too good though.
Wonderful hummus and everything else, too!  Take your chances with the plate of a day, it's a bargain and an adventure!  And you'll get delightful hummus, pita, salad and rice along with the special items of the day.  The service can be a little slow since it's ONE MAN running the show but he takes his time with each person's order and serves up tasty plates!  The Arabian tea is also delish!
Don't use this company. They don't put due dates on their bills and then get shitty with you when you don't pay your bill on time. How am I suppose to know what is ON TIME, if there is no due date. Also technician accidentally dropped a bunch of chemicals in our yard in a pile. A lot of chemicals in one pile results in DEAD grass. The technician with an 8th grade iq level didn't even bother to tell anyone. When we noticed it, we were offered a very small compensation for their incompetent workers.
My girlfriend and I went out to celebrate that I got a new job, and were told this place was really good. We were sadly very disappointed. The decor of the place is really outdated, you feel like you went back to the '80s. While the waitress was really friendly, we were not pleased with the overall experience. My $6 beer was flat, the food was really overpriced and you had to pay extra to have it cooked. Yes, if you want someone to cook your food, you have to pay an extra $3. For that extra 3 bucks they don't even have a chef cook, just some cook who has no idea what he's doing. I ordered my steak medium rare and got it well done. The steak itself was nothing special and for a fillet it was pretty fatty. I will never be coming back and will recommend friends to never go there.
If you want to cook a steak yourself but you're too lazy to shop and put in the legwork, this is the spot for you! They charge you extra for their chef to cook it. Very much a steak and potato place. We had a mixture of filets, ribeyes and sirloins. The cuts were really good, not outstanding. Beets, bacon and eggs at the salad bar was a huge plus. Skillet cookie was top notch. The manhattan was terrible. Quality establishment.
Amazing frozen custard. I like to stick to the basics -- vanilla or chocolate on a waffle cone. The stuff is just great.
Time has passed this place by. I used to crave stopping here every time I was back in town. This visit, after a 2 year + gap, I went back on a Friday night. Oops! It was 10:06 so they were closed - the parking lot was full and there was a line at the windows, but it was past closing, so NO CUSTARD FOR YOU!. On Saturday afternoon they were open, so I ordered a one scoop waffle cone... and that's what I got for $2+ - a small round ball of chocolate custard sunken way down in a large waffle cone. Since Culver's has opened up where I live, I now have a comparison, and Jarlings is no better on the basic flavors. When Culver's has a special flavor - say Black Forest Tort, there is no comparison. As I said, the time has passed them by and all they sell is (a bit pricey) nostalgia. A Shame.
simply fantastic, been here 4 days straight since they opened, the lemon custard is amazing in their banana splits. i would go EVERY DAY.
Seasonal place that is always a favorite. A bit off campus but worth the drive.\n\nTake your friends here when it's hot and you'll be guaranteed thanks all night.
Absurd wait time. We waited in a line of ~15 people for 45 minutes. I timed the group in front of us (5 orders). It took the cashier 11 minutes to put together five scoops of friggin' ice cream. No business this inefficient should be around. But obviously the ice cream is good.
Who doesn't love lemon custard?  So refreshing!  And really great in a lemon chiffon snowstorm.  The only negative is the long lines - but still worth it!
Pizza is great if you enjoy thin crust. Other menu items are good as well.  The service consistently sucks!  It's horrible!  Every time, service is absolutely horrendous. Proceed with caution.
One of the more \"adult friendly\" mini-golf courses around. I disagree with other reviewers that the course is easy - I think it's rather challenging. Mostly because of small hills, and of course the dreaded waterfalls.. (getting the net to fish your ball out of the water can be a pain!) \n\nA lack of trees and shade on the course means you'll be stuck in the glaring, hot sun during the summer.. best to visit in the spring or fall when it's more comfortable. Also a plus: the course is open in the evening!
The pizza wasn't horrible,  but the deal was awful.  The prices are extremely high at Dominos in general,  and their medium 2 topping is a rip off.  Low rating is for price vs.  Quality,  and value.
Very nice place.  Good atmosphere.  We were stuck at ADEd across the street for a conference and lunch was \"on you own\".  Saw this on YELP and gave it a try.  Nice place, great view and good food.  It's a cafeteria, do not expect \"Nobou\".  For what it is, it's very nice.
The Wild Thaiger is one of my new favorite places.  Every dish I've tried as been excellent.  They accomodated with some grace a friend with food allergies and were polite -- too polite -- in serving me as I (unknowingly) arrived just at closing.  The peanut sauce on the satay is amazing.  Pad Thai is a standby at a Thai place, but it definitely does not disappoint here.  The beef curry was excellent.  The ginger fish dish less remarkable but still good.  Coconut ice cream dessert is good for putting out the fire.  Good place to go after an Art or Heard museum visit.
The food here is absolutely delicious! I would highly recommend their thai green curry (has a nice spicy kick to it), and the pad thai is worth a try as well. Unfortunately, the service is incredibly, incredibly slow.
Ive only been here once for dinner but I go alot for lunch, I work in the area. Its always fast, sometimes gets a little busy but Ive always been able to eat and get back to work in an hour. I usually get the yellow curry or pad thai. Its good food. Not spectacular thai by any means.
The food looked great, but unfortunately we didn't get to try it because of the wait.  \n\nThe wait, of course, doesn't deserve the two-star rating - but the service does.  We waited for almost 20 minutes to even be acknowledged by the angsty teen hostess with glazed over eyes, only to be told the wait would be 45 minutes.  Lazy Thaiger.
Safeway's are great now..  they have re doen the insides and put in a nice deli type place... they offer pre-made salads that are actually good, fresh sushi, good sandwiches and wonderful soups... since i work in the area i eat lunch there alot and am happy with the price and selection...
I called and orders three sandwich platters and a veggie platter for pick up the day before I needed them. I show up and no sandwiches! No order! Nothing! They also wrote pick up time wrong on another order so us two customers were fighting to get our orders made first. On top of it all customer service was rude. Bad experience all around! The only reason for the two stars is for the poor deli staff working furiously to make 100 sandwiches in no time flat.
I have to search long and hard for things in this store that don't expire the day I'm purchasing them. They don't have a lot of the things they offer in their weekly ad, which I try to plan my grocery list around. The lines are always SUPER long. The store is always dirty. I keep telling myself I'll go to another store but there isn't another one in the 'hood to go to, so I'll need to make a better plan to head further away for a better experience in another chain. I've tried to talk to assistant managers about my issues at the store and have been blown off or they act afraid and stutter a lot. \n\nThe only good news: The gentlemen that bag groceries and collect carts are VERY nice and helpful.
Accommodating to gluten free needs. Fish tacos, chips, & salsa were great. Service excellent.  Also liked the complimentary chocolate tamale dessert.
If you come here to dine in close to closing time DO NOT sit in the back section or you will get scolded by the Latina hussie behind the counter.
Good for only one visit.  Very overpriced
This place is your basic sports bar.  Lots of TVs all tuned to sports.  \n\nThe outdoor seating is on the sidewalk and facing East so you'll never get any direct sun.\n\nMy hamburger was TERRIBLE but the shoestring fries were great.  \n\nMy girl Jacqui liked her entree.
The food is overpriced and so are the drinks. The atmosphere is not casual and the place is not very inviting. The hostess was not friendly and neither was the staff inside. I did not enjoy coming to this place and I don't think I'll be returning.
Ordered a burger, and it was GREAT!  Thought it'd be a typical sports bar type burger, but it tasted pretty gourmet.  Decently priced drinks, and walking distance from the arena.  Will definitely stop by if I'm ever in the area for a sporting event again.
I came here a couple of times while on vacation catching a few suns games and have always left happy.service is good,food is good and atmosphere is great.actually got to meet thunder Dan and do shots with him wich was pretty unreal.its a sports bar so don't come here expecting anything more than bar type food
With a fun and upbeat bar area, this place is located in downtown Phoenix, close to the US Airways Center. It seemed that the family area was completely separated from the bar area, which I liked. \nThey have plenty of seating but It can get very busy there on a game night. Also, parking can be a problem if you are just there for dinner and drinks. I didn't think of that and ended up paying $10 for parking. \nI ordered the Long Island Iced Tea, it was very potent and tasted great, just the way it the LIIT should taste. My husband got the wings, which I didn't try but he seemed impressed. I got the fish tacos, and they were very good. The cilantro sauce that came with it was  a little thick and tasted more like ranch, but the salsa was ok. \nAll in all, I had a great time there and the bartenders were all very friendly and attentive.
This is never a bad spot no matter the time of day. Seriously.
We stayed here for the recent Phoenix Rock and Roll marathon.  The hotel itself is \"boutique\" as the website says, yet it has paper thin walls and we could hear the drunk people come home at 2am the night before our 8am race.  In addition, this hotel was listed on the race website as a good place to stay, YET when we returned back from the race (which ends in Tempe and requires a 45 min train ride back), our hotel room door was locked with our stuff inside.  We were then charged an additional \"1/2 day\" fee in order to get our stuff out and shower rather than having a late check out.  There is a Hyatt and a Westin near by ...stay there!!!!
A little pricey for the lack of amenities but the history of the hotel made it worth one night stay. \nTiny room.\nSimple bathroom.\nDid have a bar with food open late so that was great. \nI didn't get to their pool but heard it was nice.\nRoom seemed clean to me.\nGreat location! Walking distance to everything downtown.\n\nBeware! I was quoted one price on the phone but when I went to use the yelp promo they bumped it $10 bucks. Not Cool!
This place does not even deserve one star. The place was dirty and the service stunk.
It's so, so mexican food. My husband loves it- I think it's a bit greasy. La Canasta on 7th St is way, way better. The salsa they put on the table is a little too hot for my taste as well.
AWESOME. \n\nAnd sometimes when it's really busy, they take you to magical rooms of the building that you don't even know exist for extra seating. \n\nBut really everything is good here.
The only reason why checked this place out was because it was features on that show \"Man Vs Food\" well, I wasn't disappointed. The place was nice and friendly staff. So much to choose from. You better have a appetite for this. Unlimited chips and salsa can't go wrong with that. \nReasonable food and prices. Definetely coming back. Happy customer.
This is old-school Sonoran food. It's good! Hot sauce, chips, guacamole (though I think it has sour cream in it), enchilada sauce (both green and red), tacos, crispy cheese crisps, tasty medium-heat green chiles -- all good! \n\nThe only item that was lesser to my taste was the chile relleno, though the red tomato sauce on it was delicious.\n\nGive it a shot. There's a reason why this restaurant has been successful for so long.
We saw Mary Poppins and three generations of us loved it- the show stealing was accomplished by the ensemble cast with this one. The star roles were also awesome but the ensemble scenes blew me away.
I grew up eating Chico's Tacos (I'm not old, lol), and it's definitely one of my favorite quick Mexican food joints. The salsa bar is fantastic. I suggest the beans (no lard!), shredded beef tacos, the Achiote Chicken Salad (yum!), the cheese enchiladas....\n\nI need to add though, Management changed last year and they sadly adopted flashy, in-your-face menu boards and jacked their prices a bit. No bueno. I haven't been much since it changed but it's still good.
Stopped at this place on the way to PHX airport.  Looked like a local joint but got inside and realized it is probably a chain.  The salsa is accessible and acceptable.  I got my tacos to go.  No lengua or barbacoa and that clued me in that it must be a chain and sanitized to some degree.  Plus the fact that some non-hispanics were working behind the counter.  Got the airport and looked at the tacos and realized that the chicken was overcooked and the chunks too large for a taco.  Anyway, not the great Mexican food I have grown accustomed to when traveling in AZ.
Best teriyaki chicken in town!\n\nNot sure what it is about the teriyaki sauce but it's perfect! The chicken is always tender and I've never had a bite with fat on it. Even the side salad is great, this coming from a guy who doesn't care for many things green... \n\nThe owners are extremely caring and the food shows their attention to detail!\n\nWell done!
WoW,  one star! Those are very rare for me, but here's why. The place its still looks really good and feel about it. The waiters are ill-trained. I came here with a groupon/google offer. I've always wanted to see what it is all about. I am so thankful that I was only out a few bucks and didn't have to pay full price. They screwed up my bill and took FOREVER to fix. Had to get the manager, who was very nice but about as incompetent as the serving staff. The food is very bland, the customer service is NOT horrible, but as bland as the food. Good news, I got my bill fixed after having to get in the manager involved and after a really long wait. With so many places in the vicinity don't waste your time or your money.
As a tourist we stopped here before leaving the Phoenix area. It had great parking garage above the Restaurant and was told by someone that it would be validated. Turned out the Restaurant only validates half of if. Ugggh. \nWent in side, cool looking place. Fairly packed on a Sunday. Ordered our food with a nice waitress. We had chips, very watery salsa. Not very good. Our food came out fairly fast, and then the Mariachi started I really liked that. My lil niece enjoyed it as well. \nThe food was good and satisfying. But the did notice the menu is all over the place. Burgers, sandwiches, Mexican food. If I am in that area again, I would go back to try again.
I have been going to the Matador since I was in grade school. They have consistently good no-frills Mexican food and I much prefer it over the chain locations that are around. It's a nice large location downtown and has been renovated since many of the reviews on here were posted. Yes, the service has been slow from time to time over the years but I haven't ever had any more trouble here than at most other restaurants. It's a locally owned family business that has been in the family for over 30 years. If you're looking for something gourmet, then this is not your place. If you are looking for the Mexican version of comfort food, give it a try!
Pretty good food. Pop in here for a quick lunch or a quick dinner. I wouldn't plan on coming here for a nice dinner while on vacation, but after a long day of sightseeing, if you want to just sit down and get some Mexican and a few coronas without having to go back to the hotel and shower and get dressed up, this place will do. I think it's a bit more pricey then Sam's Place next door, but check the menus on line.
So this first experience started off with a huge cockroach in the bathroom. Almost couldn't even sit down to go. (yuck) ok on to the rest. The chips and salsa were good with a little bit of spice. The Numero 15 is a cheese enchilada with a chicken taco rice and beans. The only flavor at this restaurant was in the salsa. It was so bland. I don't know that it was worth the $3 parking validation we came for. My friend and I love Mexican so we picked it on our way elsewhere, my suggestion go elsewhere.
I had the fish taco platter.  It was good and had both green and purple cabbage.  The tacos came with white rice and black beans (which I love).  I found the salsa hotter than I expected.  The tea was fresh and cold.  \n\nThe only thing I would have improved is to have more flavorful fish.  It was a bit bland.  Overall an A-OK place to eat.
It was OK. A Mexican restaurant without con queso is crazy! Food was average at best. Service was good and the strawberry margarita was good but the food was not impressive.
We like baja Fresh, but this particular location gets 1 Star, due to their crazy unstable hours of being open!  They seem to close whenever they want! If it's not busy, they'll just close! ...esp, on the weekends!, they will close like at 2 PM!!!...I feel this is so stupid, considering that the Light Rail is literally right at their front door & people are getting off it like every 10 mins, so they are just losing money, & with all of the Theatre & Sports Events,...they are totally forgetting all of that, too.   Chipotle is just a few blocks away at Cityscape & they are open til 10 pm,,,,every single night, period!  ...Just go there instead.
I'm pissed. How can you just stop making grilled cheese? Its bread and cheese. HOW? You have bread, and you have cheese, but you cannot make a grilled cheese?\n\nAlso, why does it have to be 400 degrees? I know you have A.C. This is AZ in the summer. It's hot. Turn it on.\n\nI don't have a really good basis to draw this conclusion because I rarely order this drink, but your dirty vodka martini is quite possibly the worst I have ever tasted. I had to eat a cheese stick with each bite just to stomach it.\n\nYour tater tots were good and my blue moon was reasonably priced. At least you have that going for you.
Stay away from this hooters. Bad food, bad service. Bleh!
I don't know what happen to Hooters? My roommate in college use to work for one in Houston so I have frequent Hooters a time or hundred in my life. The quality of the product has no integrity it is so nasty, the wings are never fried correctly they come out bloody and under sauced. I just want some wings once in a while with breading.  iIt is difficult to find.
We used to eat here often many years ago.  It was good then and they were always busy.  So, we were in the are last night and thought we'd give them a go again.  They were not busy at all for a Saturday night.  The staff were friendly enough, but a little too casual.  In my opinion this is no longer a fine dining destination but a pit stop for pasta.  The restaurant has lost its class. \nThe food was a huge let down.  It was very bland and way over priced for the portions served.  \n\nWe wont be going back
The Old Spaghetti Factory has such a fun atmosphere.  We've gone twice and both times were sat in these booths that were like little rooms.  I loved it!  \n\nIt's a really great place for kids, especially with these little booth rooms.  The food didn't really leave an impression on me, I don't think that's necessarily a bad thing though, it can't all be good.
3 stars is sufficient..... I feel the prices are on the high side...Yes, I know it  comes with a small salad, bread, a drink (iced tea or milk is included, but not soda....go figure), & a small cup of ice cream, but it still seems a little pricey to me. \nI felt like the portions are all not that big.  I love the Mizithra Cheese...So yummy! But there were a few times where I felt like they didn't really give you enough on the spaghetti.... I felt a little gipped.  \nIf you really want Italian Food, then go to Oregano's instead!...NOW we're talkin'!
I come here about 4 or 5 times a year. It's consistently good. There is ample seating, so I've never waited long. It's off Central, so the parking is horrid. Their lot holds a good number, but it can be tricky to get in and out when crowded - I don't drive my van here.\n  I am always pleased with the food. I find the salads ok - I really like their Balsalmic Vinigarette dressing - I'll mop the leftover with bread.\n I typically get spaghetti with meat sauce and sausage. The sauce has a good flavor.\n The Brown Butter with Mizithra Cheese is incredible - but very rich.\n  The staff is always courteous, and I rarely have to wait for anything.
omg. sitting in the bar because they had no seating in main diningroom.  menus flung onto the table, no greeting from server. when i mentioned it to the server. she gets an attitude. food comes out, cold and unappetizing.... having to listen to a guy at the next table scream, use the f bomb every other sentence.\nmanager did bring our hot food out personally so we got to talk. this is not the place i remember to come and dine and enjoy........
They seem to be declining over recent years but the Mizithra is so good we went back anyway.  Appetizer flatbread was fair.  Chicken parm was fair.  Mizithra was great.
We came here for a networking event last week. The crowd (or crowding, as it were) was akin to that of a happy hour or pregame crowd. We felt squished. \n\nThe tap selection is basic, although having the Sam Adams seasonal always makes me like a place. We got to smaple some small bites of some new apps theyre working on which were good. Braised beef pappadeaux. Thats all Im saying.\n\nI may come here again, but only if its not super crowded.
Decent burger, good salads but really high prices for the quality...probably because of the location.  Nice outdoor seating area.
We'veeaten here on a previous trip to Phoenix, but this time we just popped in a couple of times for beers..staff are friendly, service good,  and there is a wide range of local and imported draft beer. Good place to have a rest from walking around and cool down.  Food looks good, and last time we eat here it was pretty tasty. Gets busy around then end of the working day with office workers, but nice bar.
I found this place by accident. Blink and you'll miss it. Best fried catfish I've had. Totally not greasy. Thin cornmeal batter is the right amount of crispy. Fish is tender and moist inside without being greasy at all. Coleslaw was pretty decent. Cornbread was soft and had a hint of sweetness but not too much. Portions are good. Vegetarian options for the non-meat eater. I ate well for less than $10, tip included. Glad I found it.
This is the only spot I trust to get my ride a bath, even though I drive a beater, the staff here treat it as if its an expensive European car. \n\nAttention to detail not only comes from the car wash staff but also from Gene who meticulously maintains the gloss and shine of all my Italian kicks.
They also messed with my side mirror and gave me a huge blind spot which I didn't notice until driving!
Steer clear if you care about your body, enter if you are looking for a tasty way to shave precious years of your life.  What they have done is basically take a simple New York style Deli concept and made it appealing to the local Phoenix crowd.  The thing is, when I was living in NYC, I could afford to eat meals like this because without a car I walked an average of 3-5 miles per day.  There is simply no excuse for this type of excess in a driving city like Phoenix.  You'll spend 2 hours at the gym to burn off lunch here.  My prediction is that 50 years from now, when all the patrons of this place have died of heart attacks, the next generation will look back on this food the same way we look back on asbestos: it seemed like a good idea at the time, but boy was it a killer.
it is very nice to have a healthier alternative during lunch. That being said, the food really isn't that great and is WAY OVERPRICED. My small pita sandwich (comes with a side), and drink was over $10 bucks. You can go to Paradise or Subway for a whole lot less. Not only that, but there is never any parking available, and most of the menu items are completely bland. Drop the prices and add some flavor to the food.
Good food, quick service. Kinda pricey for the brown bag crowd. Great tea!
You know what's great? Walking into a banking establishment and having the tellers know your name! I've been with Sunwest for 27 years, and I've never had any fees charged to me (yay automatic and free overdraft protection!) Your mileage may vary, but I love these guys. This branch is fantastic. All the employees are friendly and knowledgeable.
This Subway is in the Arizona Center in downtown Phoenix.  I have eaten at this particular restaurant several times and it was just regular old Subway.  There are so many better choices near by for sandwiches,  I can't seem to understand how this place can be so busy.  Subway claims to want to offer better health choices for customers, yet they regularly offer \"footlong\" subs that are marginally more expensive than a 6-inch sandwich.\n\nIf you are looking for a decent sandwich in the area, head over to Crave (my favorite) or corner bakery.
We were guests there once in about 2003 for one of the morning services.  We are used to megachurches with lots of praise and worship and messages where many Bible passages are referred to and explained with practical, applicable and content-rich teaching and even some humor.  We are used to churches that are ALIVE.  I felt like I was at someone's funeral.  I didn't feel the Holy Spirit there at all.  In fact, I felt really strange like I couldn't wait to leave not only the church but the grounds.  The greeters smiled a lot; I'm sure some of them weren't fake.
I'm not normally a patron of chain restaurants, but I went to Hard Rock Cafe downtown last week to see a local band, Super Stereo, perform there.  And actually, up until I bought the tickets for the show, I didn't even know Hard Rock allowed local bands to perform there.  That's pretty cool of them, and I respect that.\n\nThe beer selection was mediocre at best, the mushroom and swiss burger was tasty, and the server was kind and attentive.  I couldn't ask much more from Hard Rock so I won't.  If you're downtown and need a bite to eat, there are several better joints to check out.  However, if you have a specific reason to go to Hard Rock (like I did), go there and enjoy yourself.  You'll have a good time.\n\nOh, and Super Stereo kicked butt!  Check them out!!
When I worked at the Renaissance tower, I'd come here when I was too lazy to walk down the street for something better. Because, honestly, their pizza just isn't that great. Or good, really. But I've had the breakfast muffin twice and both times it was beyond awesome! Just the right amount of grease to let you know it's good. And super cheap!
It was a terrible experience in every possible way. The wait time in the drive thru lane was excessive, the order was incorrect, and the chicken was slimy and smelled like it was rotting. I haven't eaten McDonald in over a year before trying it again and I found it to be just as disgusting as the last time.
For a convention center, Phoenix Convention Center is pretty decent. The space is large, the amenities are clean and they have several food options at the cafeteria and now just catered options. They actually have restaurants who serve food. \n\nHowever, this is the reason the Phoenix Convention Center gets three not four stars. The parking for the convention center is $12. Normally, people already pay to get into the event and I think that if you pay to attend an event at the Phoenix Convention Center, parking is included. I'm not sure if other conventions center do it this way, but it'd be nice if they did!
This place would just be OK if they didn't insult you by charging you to park just to try to give them some business.  It's pretty dead, with lots of empty shops.  You'd think they'd want to encourage more visitors.  There are a couple of decent restaurants in the place, but nothing fantastic.  Otherwise it's mostly overpriced trinket shops.
The landscaping and maintenance are well done.  I walk down here at lunch to detox and revitalize myself for the afternoon.  I don't see a whole lot of stores that would draw me in on a regular basis though.  I am hopeful this place will see a Renaissance and draw in more interesting shops ala The Union at the Biltmore.
On vacation and this place was across the street. The guy who helped me was very nice. He carried on conversation and reccommeded places I should try in the area while visiting. I wish I knew his name to put on here. He spoke english and lived in North Carolina at one time. Anway, prices were good and service
I come here for lunch often. They have good lunch prices on sushi and rice/noodle bowls. The staff is always friendly. You can eat in or carry out. I usually get the lunch spicy tuna roll. It is delicious and cheap! Their miso soup is pretty good. I've never tried the bowls because I know I would go into a food coma after lunch, but they always look delicious. Some of their regular sushi rolls are a little pricey, but other than that, no complaints. A great lunch spot!
This is really one of the more disappointing BBQ places in Phx.  I hate to disrespect Honey Bears but their pulled pork is just too dry.  I shouldn't have to cover it in your bbq sauce (which isn't THAT good either) in order to make it edible.  Also, if you are going to churn out dry pork, you have got a lot of nerve charging for more bbq sauce.  I've never had anything else here but the fact that the pork isn't all that good is all I need to know.  I'll stick with Stacey's down the road.
It may look like a fast food joint on the outside but this place is local Arizona BBQ at it's tastiest. \n\nI ordered the 1/2 lb. pork rib dinner ($11.49) which came with two sides. They ran out of collard greens so I settled for two corn cobs.\n\nWith the ribs and corn my face and fingers are super messy from the sauce. Good thing I'm eating alone. The ribs were super delicious! I wanted to cover every bite in their BBQ sauce. It was that good. The sauce was slightly tangy with just the right amount of sweetness. Honey Bear's calls it Tennessee BBQ, but here in Phoenix it's oh so good.
love this place!!! the wait is long and the cashier is slow!!! there is one worker which i think is the owners son he has long hair he is awesome! he helped us get our food faster! but the other cashier was so slow!!! but besides the wait it is an amazing place the pork BBQ sandwich was Delicious and so was the coleslaw.
This place has really delicious BBQ. I would have given it a 5 if the chicken wasn't a little dry and the interior of the facility was a little neater and cleaner. I'm not saying it was dirty, it's just the trashy sign on the fountain drink saying not to put stuff in the drain. I also didn't like the \"real\" trash can being turned around so there's no access to the door and a large \"kitchen\" grey trash can sitting right beside it. All in all a good visit, but not a 5.
I've been to Cheuvronts over the years for lunch and afternoon wine and cheese pairings, and always had a good time.\n\nBut the real sleeper deal and meal is their weekend breakfast menu. I've been three times now, had their version of Eggs Benedict the first two and today, a wonderful Filet Medallion with 2 eggs, potatoes and fruit cup...with blueberry muffin. The Eggs Benedict is $9.50, today's meal was $12.00. All fresh and wonderful and the best part, no wait. You can dine on the patio or inside. When I think that folks are waiting at First Watch and Matt's Big Breakfast, while I just sail over to a table,  I pity those fools. \n\nIt's not the cheapest breakfast in the Valley, but for the price it's certainly one of the best.
Although the food, wine, and atmosphere are all good, sadly I must say I have been let down. One of my problems is the sometimes slow service. Also we decided to go here for a friends birthday and they ran out of food. It was not fun feeling like you had the angel of death for a server ready to kill your order. I really would love to give the place four stars, because the food and wine are certainly worth it, but due to my traumatic experience its just a-ok. Maybe I will get a chance to go back and update my review to what I know it really could be.
This is a really fun place to grab some cocktails or beers before an event or game. My friends and I have a tradition of drinking here before DBACKS games and we always love it. Drinks are reasonable, especially if you ask the specials, and way cheaper than beers at BOB. \n\nAs for food they have an awesome menu, but the food came off a bit cheap in quality to me so I don't think it's worth ten dollars a plate. But if your hungry it will get the job done! Although...one of the days I want to try and eat one of those One Pound hot dogs they have. It is a personal goal. \n\nI recommend:\nFox Sports Marg\nBeers\nGrape Bombers
Pretty good.  Typical sports bar food. Calimari was ok, chili was pretty good, fries were awesome, and the burger wasn't bad.\nMy friend had the bases loaded big unit (as seen on man vs food). It is an insanely huge hotdog with all the toppings. Could feed 3-4 people.\nExpect to pay $15 or so per person.
Awesome staff, great food and cool decor
I really dint care for this place. the music was blah and the out door seating was lame.The only cool thing i saw was the big unit. A home wrecking size weenie some old man was trying to deep throat.
This place is a lot of fun as a result of the atmosphere and pleasant wait staff!  The menu rocks a combination of vegetarian items, low carb items, and greasy guilty pleasures.\n\nThe only problem is that it may be difficult to locate parking during peak hours, especially when a sporting event is taking place.\n\nDoes anyone know how frequently Mr. Cooper makes appearances in his restaurant?  I'm just curious...
Check out my blog review and photos:\n\nhttp://food-tales-and-other-fun.tumblr.com/post/24344649924/
The food was really unimpressive, especially for the prices. The Michael Bible cocktail was pretty good.
Usually very pleased with Tee Pee, especially before a DBacks game. But tonight two really disappointing things happened. First, we arrived about 40 min before the game and the main wave of people were already gone. We were alone in the dining room and I mean alone - as in no waitresses for 5 minutes. Beer glasses were warm (they'd just been washed! We were told) and only 2 small bowls of chips for 6 people. Most disappointing, though, was that my grandfather forgot his jacket in the booth when we left for the game. I called 20 min later from inside the ballpark and was told it couldn't be found. After the game my mom scoured the place and it was still MIA. Very sad to think it was taken.
I was in town on the night the Lakers were also in town. BF and I and a friend decided to try to get tix from a scalper. Not knowing the venue, well it figures we got jipped. We got tickets to something they call the verve lounge. Its like a club in between the lower and upper levels. OK thats fine except there is nowhere to sit and the view is lame.\nNOT worth it, I would rather sit in the nosebleeds, then again I'd rather be at Staples Center.
Super clean venue! Always remember to go early to get your food before the start of the game, a few minutes before the half and possibly towards the end! \n\nThe wife and I grabbed some custom jerseys as we! I'm pretty sure we've adopted the suns as our new nba team
This was barely a 3 based on pretty good food, ok prices and 1 of our 2 waiters being ok. The other waiter a taller guy with scruff was awful. No smile, no warmth, didn't bring steak sauce upon request. He ruined the whole visit. We won't be back. Oh and we had to wait 10 minutes for a table when we got there and there was a dozen seats open and the very table we say in was ready upon arrival.
Cheap and fast -express !! - delicious hummus and taromasalata , the burgers weren't bad ,  a convenient location for where I was working - myself and colleagues had around fifteen meals here in the space of a week , - nothing wrong with any of them.
The AZ Science center is great for kids which is why Adult's Night Out is twice as good!\n\nI checked out the science center at last nights first Friday of the month \"adults only night\".  Not only was admission free but they validated out parking making it free as well.  We were able to check out all of the exhibits with little or no wait and with adults only it was much less hectic than on a regular day.
Bus load, after bus load, after bus load of kids with few adults to manage them.  Holy cow, what a disaster.  Throwing balls, running kids, and no adults from the schools nor enough science museum staff to manage it all.  This was quite an annoying experience, and hard to enjoy the exhibits.  They really need to get this under control.
My husband and I attended the yelp sponsored date night at the Arizona Science Center. We had a blast checking out all the hands-on exhibits as well as the planetarium. The Van Gogh Alive! was an excellent immersive multimedia mix of art, music, and quotes.
I recently attended the October Adults Night Out. The premise of the program is great-free admission, adult beverages, etc. I enjoyed exploring the museum and it was a nice activity for a Friday Night. The only downfall(s) were 1. The line to check in was extremely long. It didn't move slow, but it wasn't fast either. I had registered online but forgot to print the tickets. I would suggest definitely printing tickets ahead of time. The second issue was the \"beer garden.\" While I enjoyed the premise and the beers, there were only 2 beer servers and 1 wine server for many many people. The line went painfully slow and it made it hard to use the drink tickets and visit the center. Many people were actually giving away their tickets because the line was too long. I would attend another ANO again but I hope that they make some changes in the future to the above mentioned things.
This place has gone down hill. What used to be in the normal exhibits are now in a paid exhibit hall. It's sad that they have resorted to that to make money. I won't be renewing my membership.
I'm sorry, but I have to say I am not impressed with the AZ Science Center. I bought a family membership, which was pretty expensive, we visited a couple of times, and that was plenty. The exhibits are always the same and kind of boring, except for whatever traveling exhibit they may have, and that costs extra on top of your membership! And I was not at all impressed with the Ripley's exhibit. I can honestly say Ripley's was a rip. Last time we were there, some of the cooler things were broken (like the little bike that goes around in a circle).\n\nOverall, it's probably fine for a one-time visit, but I wouldn't waste money on a membership. It gets old fast.
Pizza is inconsistent. Sometimes under cooked, other times cut disturbingly wrong ( sad when half of it is for a vegetarian ). Forget ordering chicken wings! It's like pulling teeth!!!! How hard is it to get \" medium bone out \"? 4 out of 5 times it's anything but! Last night was the straw that broke camels back when we found out that this time they gave us honey BBQ. After calling the manager to let her know of the mistake, she replies \"I guess some one else got your wings\". Really!? An apology would have been more appreciated then a sarcastic comment! I don't recommend going to this Pizza Hut. The service is worse then the neighborhood it sits in. I wish there was a negative star I could rate this place.
Rosita's is alright. I wouldn't file it under authentic Mexican food, but I certainly wouldn't call it Americanized either. Their beginnings were likely with authentic ingredients and recipes, but over time, things change a bit. I would say the best thing at this restaurant isn't on the menu: chips and salsa.
I come regularly with my family. Over all the food is good but they charge for tortilla chips and I have never seen that before. I had the chicken flauta combo, the rice and beans were delicious but the flauta didn't have any favor to it. The guacamole would be better if they didn't add tomatoes to it and just kept it avocado only.
I write this as I sit awaiting for my food.  I've been waiting for an hour now.  At a table with 10 other people, and the food is brought out 1 or 2 at a time.  This will be my last visit.
Came here for the menudo. Chips were hot and fresh tasting. Red menudo has a good taste. I still think Caramba's in downtown Glendale has the best menudo although this one is right up there. B-
Really good menudo and salsa and fresh chips are a must .. The prices are great and the food is real mexican home cooked meals ...
2 stars. Only cause the drink prices are good.
I rear ended someone and the damage to my car was bad! My insurance didn't cover it, so I had to pay completely out of pocket. Ultra Collision fixed my car for HALF the price of all the other estimates I got. Not only did Steven work really hard to get me the best price possible, but the whole process took less than a week and the car looks amazing! I am so happy!
Every time I go to Whataburger, I get chicken strips. It is the only place I can think of that gives you a piece of toast with your meal.
Open 24/7, thank goodness!\n\nWhen I start work before 6 am at the hospital next door, I stop by and grab a coffee. \n\nSometimes, for those extra long days, I get a warm biscuit with honey, just to give me an added little pep, lol.  Don't judge me ;)\n\nI did try their Taquito with Sausage & Cheese. It was actually good. I asked for both the red and green salsa so I could taste test and see which I liked best. The red salsa won by a landslide.\n\nThe service at this location is always top notch. Friendly and professional.
I don't know what everyone else on here is talking about; this Whataburger is super fast!  The entire drive thru process took a grand total of four minutes.  Great place to stop for a quick lunch when you work downtown.
I had to take a star away.  I ordered the Teriyaki Chicken rice bowl and was very disappointed, it tasted really strange and really soggy.  My co-worker said it best, he said it tasted like a frozen meal heated. \n\nI'll stick with the 5 star wraps and salads and leave the 2.5 star bowls for them to keep.
tried this place for the first time today, and i was impressed...\n\nthe place is a little hard to get into though, and i'm sure during a lunch rush it's crazy..\n\ntheir pasta salad is one of the best i've ever had...bowtie noodles, my fav...loaded with green onions so be careful!\n\ni got the bird is the word, which was delicious but lacking a good sauce inside...the pico de gallo was fresh and juicy as was the lettuce..and the wrap was so soft i could sleep on a bed of them...\n\nsuper cute inside.
Only giving one star for the price.  $60 for a hotel room in Phoenix is a steal but doesn't mean the business has to be happy with that.  Start off with cigarette holes in the bed spread, loud housekeeping yelling at each other at 8 in the morning outside our room.  Also when we asked for an extra pillow my wife was told \"oh those are on back order\". Are you serious, you don't even have half your rooms rented out and we can't have one extra pillow?  All around if you have the ability to stay ANYWHERE else I would do so. Being in a cheap and poorly run hotel isn't worth ruining your stay in a fantastic city.
This place makes really, really authentic Mexican food.  It's part restaurant, bakery, and grocery.  I go here for the Burritos.  Big, soft, house made tortilla and filling! I always order green chile, chicken, deep fried.  It's sooo huge, but good!  You can do Enchilada style or plain, option to add your typical toppings like Guac, sour cream, cheese, etc.
Not good. Sorry. I can get pass the decor if the food was good. Keep going. Big warehouse style with table and chairs at the end. Some good reviews???? Must be the workers.  No Flavor unless you add the sauce (a lot)! The server was very kind. So close to Mexico we thought it would be a no brainer.
La Tolteca is outstanding. Passing through PHX and a friend (and frequent visitor to AZ) told me I need to stop here. He spoke truth. \n\nGet the chilaquiles! Get them. \n\nWe also had tacos de papa, and caldo de camarones...the latter was awesome too, delicious broth and packed with shrimp. The salsa bar had grilled jalape\u00f1os & habanero salsa we couldn't get enough of. \n\nI'll be back to La Tolteca. Five stars no hesitation.
I love hole-in-the-wall taco joints ... usually. Not so here. I got the shredded chicken and the carnitas tacos. Soft corn tortillas, of course. No flavor on either - I guess they really rely on their salsa bar. The carnitas bordered on inedible due to the very hard crust on the meat. Might try this again someday just to try to see how it got so many 5-star reviews, but this trip was barely worth 2.
Let me start with the positive. The corn chicken soup was hot and the won ton chips were a nice addition to the soup. The chicken egg roll was very greasy. My main dish was the cashew chicken. It was white meat but had to pick through it to get a decent piece without icky's on it. The flavor was bland, so I decided to add chili paste. It was hot, but tasteless. It was on the way to downtown, but will note return here again. YUCK!!!
My third timing coming. I really want to work with them because there's not much Chinese in Phoenix and the staff is super nice; however, the sauce is horrible! More so, it seems like every sushi us cooked in the same hiring, blabs way too sweet sauce. I will not be back.
The sad fact is that most yelpers will eschew this place for it's two more accessible neighbors - Filiberto's and La Santisma - and that is a damn shame, because nestled right between those two restaurants is a superior dining experience.  \n\nTacos Mexico is the truth.  Don't go expecting fancy furniture or Day of The Dead iconography - this place isn't trying to serve you a Disneyland version of Mexico - what it will give you is an authentic taste of some damn fine Mexican tacos.  \n\nPS - their red salsa will burn a hole in your tongue.  If you treat it gingerly, however, you will be treated to a flavor bomb like no other!
Wonderful brunch today! I had the Sunrise sandwich and my husband had the Holy Puerco - they were both delicious. I loved the homemade biscuit - light and fluffy and not dry at all. Everyone in the staff is extremely friendly - very positive and relaxing environment. Highly recommend it!
Had to update my review to share that I had dinner here last weekend for the final day of Arizona Cocktail Week. Of course, I couldn't pass up half priced hurricanes!\n\nI tried the Vegan Po'boy (fried avocado, kale, pico de gallo and chipotle remoulade on french bread) and it was magical...but left me wondering how the heck do you fry avocados? No, seriously??? I'm sure google will tell me later which will lead to fun experiments in the kitchen.... \n\nCustomer service is top notch--everyone that works here is super friendly and the wait time for food wasn't too shabby. I really love the vibe of this place and predict many visits in the future. Day or night, this place is one of the top restaurants in Phoenix.
I have been seen by the Nurse Practitioner Christa and Dr. Laura Kimbro so far. Both experieces have been good. They are really good about following up with you. They can do ultrasounds right in the office if your insurance covers it.  They do all their baby deliveries at Banner Desert.\n\nOne small complaint...they take the whole thanksgiving weekend off. Although there is someone always on call, it would be nice if they were open that friday.
Disney Land for Foodies. Fresh Baked Goods, Salsas, Mexican dishes (the torta cubana is to die for) and an awesome atmosphere, plus more produce than the human eye should ever behold. My favorite place in Phoenix.
Oh the joy of walking thru Ranch Market... loved the produce section . lower prices , bigger bunches of cilantro , onions and other goodies...pineapples for 2lbs for .99 ? Yes please!  With my buddy Tom as my guide we perused and discussed  all foods  Hispanic.. we talked cremas, with me buying something close to a creme fraiche,  and a arroz conleche that might make stop by there every time I am near..that is some good rice pudding.  We also  looked over their large selections of  dried chiles  for my chili carne I am working on.   My husband  found yummy morsels of ceviche  to his liking and he also tried a  variety of streets tacos.   Loved this adventure in food and look forward to going back ..
I used to love Pro's but, being slightly out of my way, my trips became less and less often. Then I got a coupon flyer for the *new* Los Altos Ranch Market. I was like, \"$5 off a $25 purchase, SAY WHAAAT?\" Turns our Pro's had gone into bankruptcy and emerged under the joint ownership of a couple other Hispanic market chains. Fun facts but the coupon got me down there Saturday morning. \n\nSame old Ranch Market with shoes for sale up front, the assortment of prepared food, drink, and bakery items, and chicharones from bite size to mucho grande. I like their produce and meat selection but wish they carried salmon other than the frozen bags. Still, it was a good reminder of the shopping experiences I had before my current battles at my local Fry's and Basha's stores. I suggest we all commit to hitting Ranch Market a little more.
This place always runs out of items on the menu. I've ordered the chicken fried steak twice and it never comes with the fresh bread they advertise. In this visit alone I've heard the waitress tell two tables they didn't have baked potatoe or a breakfast item. Our waitress appeared lithargic and took a long cigarette break while all her tables waited on her and the cook. It was bad enough she didn't check up on her guest often enough. The team leader is no better. She's helped us twice before. Never smiles. its enough to make someone depressed. Luckly the food they have is great on an empty stomach. Love the unlimited hot coco. Avoid the water. Tastes like algee.
My husband and I branched out to a new restaurant this weekend (Coronado Cafe in Phoenix) - our experience is why we don't like to branch out to new restaurants.  For starters, the host sat us and said \"we have a party coming in at 7pm; do you think you will be done by then?\"  After that warm welcome we found our water glasses had lipstick on them (both of the glasses).  We ordered the bruschetta (pretty good); my husband had the bacon/cheese burger and I had the meatloaf sandwich.  Burger was good, sandwich was very mediocre.  For the money and the food, we probably wouldn't go back.  The inside of the restaurant was very charming but that is about the extent of what impressed us.
This place is great. It is set up in a little house with a really cute atmosphere. They have a great patio and a fantastic personality. \n\nI was there for lunch and had a tuna melt. It was good, but the side of mac and cheese was the best!!! I want to go back and try some of their crab cakes/crab dip (they tout their crab here as being the best around), and of course a side of mac and cheese. The seating is a bit close together and the prices are a little high, but it is great for an occasional lunch or special occasion.
Lite lunch with the ladies.  Two of us shared Crab Cakes and Caprese salad.  I could have eaten an entire platter full of the crab cakes.
Expensive and just ok.
I miss this place.  I used to work right across the street from McAlp's and would go there at least twice a week.  The atmosphere is great, food is good, and deserts are tasty.  Its nice to see that some places in the Phoenix area don't feel the need to constantly renovate and are not afraid to keep their days gone by look, feel and approach to business.  Writing this is making me hungry for their food again.  I need to find an appointment to schedule downtown so I can lunch there next week.
You can't beat the atmosphere at this place. I bought a google offer for here a while ago and stopped in on a Sunday afternoon. There were some people inside but it wasn't too crowded. I started in the antique shop wandering around and then made it into the restaurant. I had an ice-cream soda and it was divine. Next time I'd probably split one as the drinks are large. I didn't eat anything but the food looked yummy. I also wandered to the vintage shop next door. It was fun looking around and reminscing.
Macaplines.. Go here for nostalgia, and a swell soda, float, or sundae. *Don't* go here for food. I've been to this place several times, I really enjoy the deserts and sodas. I've ordered food here a few times, and it just tastes so blah. I would really love it if they bought local and had more \"live\" food options. Everything just tastes \"dead\" and flavor less. The tomatoes and other veggies that I had were green and as tasteless as anything I'd get at a fast food joint. There are *very* limited vegetarian options, and maybe 1? vegan option.\n\nThey have a neat shop for clothing, jewlery, furniture, and bric a brac from days gone by. Sometimes I just stop by the shop.
I can understand how this location can get some extra points for being quaint  but it will certainly not get points for being clean.  The soda I had was great but I could not get over how dirty and run down this place was.  The staff where inattentive and to be honest completely useless, the tile on the floor was pealing off, the bar looked very warn and the booth we sat in was sticky. I understand the concept but I cannot forgive dirt when I visited a location.   I won't be back again.
great place and atmosphere, great ice cream and malts.
The Best Bean Burro Enchilada Style EVER!!
Muy bueno!  Here's a hidden treasure in the old Garfield barrio.  It's located right next to Garfield Elementary School, so if you passed the school, you went too far.  \n\nWhen you go in, it's like going into someone's house and ordering from their kitchen.  This place is a total hole-in-the-wall.  Also important to note that it is a cash-only establishment.\n\nThey only serve burritos & chimichangas NO TACOS.  Their burritos are extremely runny but extremely yummy and will literally explode in your mouth.  I recommend ordering a dozen tortillas on your way out.  \n\nCheck out Rito's when you're feeling adventurous and wanna hang out the locals in the barrio.
Red Chile Burro, Enchilada Style. \nDONE AND DONE!\n\nShow up on Saturday or Tuesday and you MIGHT be blessed with tacos made by Nana. I've been coming here for 5 years (which makes me a newbie) and while at first I thought the burros were a bit off in the red chile/tortilla ratio, you won't forget the flavor of the red chile. One morning, you'll wake up after a night of too much fun and CRAVE Rito's.\n\nFamily owned and operated this little gem is worth the weight (and wait) in gold. Just don't forget...cash only!
I think Rito's is overpriced for what you get. The burritos look huge because they use an over sized tortilla that hides the tiny amount of meat they use so most bites are filled with tortilla not meat. If the green chile burrito I ordered was filled with meat then maybe it would be worth $8. The beans were above average and I thought their salsa was amazing even though they charge 25 cents for two tablespoons of it. I expected to be blown away by the food here but it tasted just like the food I grew up eating. It made me want to hug my mom :)
Incredibly slow service (25 minutes to get 3 basic tacos) and tacos are average at best.  My batch was very salty, but seeing the wait and the relative absence of attention to customers, I didn't bother to do anything about it. The menu is very short and routine extras like added cheese or salsa require added payment. Maybe the other yelpers had an exceptional experience with the burritos, but this is my review based on what I sampled.  There is just nothing redeeming to explain the level of loyalty this location garners.  There is no indoor seating;  you cant eat outdoors on the provided plastic picnic table on a sunny day without risking a skin burn!.  On the inside you face a server who takes your order from behind a grill; there are at most 4-5 plastic chairs to sit on while you wait.  Reminds me of a traditional western jailhouse except someone is actually taking food orders.
Yes, I'd say A-OK for Stanley's.  Their sausages range from okay (kabanosy) to quite good (spicy kolbasz) but I'd agree that they're a bit on the pricy side.  \nI usually patronize their Bell Rd. location as it's closer to my house, but I ate lunch here a few weeks ago since I was in the 'hood.  It was right before Christmas and the place was JAM packed with everyone getting their holiday goodies.  The kielbasa sandwich was fine, they also have subs and other cold cut type sandwiches.\nThough they don't really hold a candle to some of the awesome Polish deli's back in Chicago, it's probably about the best you'll find out here in Phoenix.
Hands down the best mariscos(seafood) EVER! I love the shrimp ceviche and when I am in the mood for a hot plate the Shrimp Culichi is the best choice, shrimp soaked in some delicious green salsa and smothered with oaxaca cheese, YUMMY! The Micheladas and the margaritas are excellent and well priced.  They have Mariachis every friday night from 7p to 9p, if you want the trip to Mexico feel, this is your place!!
Absolutely fabulous!  Why do so many people fixate on the location?  The food was super delicious, Mexican + seafood, where could things go wrong.
The service was pretty fast. I was not too impressed with food. Ordered the culichi shrimp and a consume. My rice was undercooked, there was literally 5 shrimps in the green sauce. The sauce was very watered down. My consume was pretty flavorless, I added salt and limes sadly it didn't help. It was not the best I had but not the worst. Would not come here again.
Should have known better than to eat in a place so dark that you can't see the food on your plate. Underwhelming and overpriced.
Dropping some stars due to the Luminaria policy. Myself and four friends bought tickets to the luminarias a bit ago. It rained today, so the luminarias were canceled, which I understand. However, as the event is sold out every other night, we were told we could not get tickets for another night and could get a refund or donate our ticket money. I do appreciate the refund, and I know they cannot control the weather, but I do think it stinks that we will miss the luminarias through no fault of our own.
Awesome!\n\nGrowing up in Scottsdale, I never went to the botanical gardens. I mean come on, what's there to do there? It's not the same as going to the zoo.\n\nBut now, it's a must. Go around dusk or check out their website for one of their events. The Chihuly Exhibit was pretty cool last year. And that's what I like, they're more than just a bunch of cacti. \n\nBring a camera.
I love the garden.  I go walking here 3-4 nights a week, because I work close by.  I have a couple of spots I love to sit and commune with nature.  I can't tell you, because then I'd have to kill you.  Bunnies, frogs, lizards, quail...love to watch the wildlife.  I keep missing the king snake, who lives near the patio cafe.  I only wish people would realize it's a garden, not a playground or amusement park.  Modulate your voices, please!
A great place, no doubt, but with admission at $18 per adult, it has the feel of an expensive tourist trap.  Why pay so much for someone to \"show you nature\"?\n\nMy suggestion: Go out and explore the desert on your own.\n\n-Hike in the Phoenix Mountains Preserve area. (One of many parks.)\n-Explore the saguaros and lush desert outside the city. (My favorite region is toward Florence Junction & Superior along US Highway 60.)\n-Visit a retail cactus farm. (There are many!)\n\nThen again, if you're a tourist and don't mind spending the money, go for it.
Love the Chihuly Art throughout the gardens, I was bummed that the cafe was closed. It's definitely a great walk this great scenery! Lovely for photos!
We went to the 8 to midnight viewing.   My take is that it was a one note show.  It was the light up Chihulu glass.  The 4 to 8 would have had the butterflies, the plants and then the glass sculptures.  It was very crowded, which was surprising to me.  There is a coupon for $2 and another deal for 20 % off with AAA.  I did not try to combine them.  My kids went off by themselves and came back with their face painted, which was free and fun.  My wife has a broken foot so we got her the wheel chair for just the $20 deposit, which went without a problem.
What a wonderful place to visit. Especially at night during the holidays. This past holiday season the Chihuly exhibit was magical. Treat yourself and go.
Terrible. Sergios installed sod at my house and didn't bring a roller. The \"crew\" didn't even know what one was. When I called the office they told me another crew would come later in the day to roll it. I went ahead and paid. Big mistake. They never came back. The job came out terribly.  When I tried to follow up they ignore my messages. I recommend going with someone who's more honest and reputable.
The 3 person team arrived early but that was ok.  I asked the price and after a bit of communication issues was given an hourly rate.  I have a very small front & back yard.  They rang the door 35 minutes later for their money and I was told I owed for a full hour ($95).  When l talked to the owner nothing was said about a minimum charge. They would have bad a repeat client had They been honest.
Big rooms. Clean but have a smell to them. The included 7a-10a buffet breakfast is good (needs sausages,though). Nice to have that refrigerator & microwave,too. Free shuttle to the airport on the half hour was extremely convenient. Tipping at breakfast and with the shuttle (which can take or pick you up at places in less than a 2 mile radius) is appreciated just the same as you would your housekeeper.
Very Cute and Cozy Place! \n\nThe Food was AMAZING! \nSeriously I have been thinking about it all day and whether my diet likes it or not I'll be returning very soon! \n\nI got the Appetizer Platter which came with a Pupusa, a chicken meat pie, a chicken tamale and beans. (see pics) \n\nEverything was wonderful and fresh and oh so Delicious! \n\nI would have to tell anyone who has never had this kind of food, do not be intimidated, go for it you won't be sorry, my particular meal wasn't spicy or greasy it was just the best thing I have tasted in weeks and it's definitely budget friendly!
I really like this place. We used to come here often and then didn't for a long time just because we weren't in the hood when they were open. The las two weeks I've been by and had a late lunch. The people that t=run this place are so genuinely nice. The ensalada drink is refreshing in this heat. I usually get a veg papusa and fried plantain. My husband had the chicken soup and loved it and then the chicken special and loved it. I'm so glad we went back.
Loved this place.  The service was great, the restaurant was spotless, the food was really great and it was very affordable.  The Pupusa's were amazing!  I also loved their mango iced tea and the desserts were really tasty as well.
Shortly after posting this review someone from Pep Boys requested I email them about the situation at hand. Would you guess I received NO response?! What a crock. Save yourself and do not bring your car to a Pep Boys Service Center!
Not a bad place. Service is good with friendly employees. The food, although not the beat does taste good and is fresh.  While there I had the angry whopper. Im not a fan of thick french fries, but theirs was still good. \n\nWhat I liked most was their choices of soda. They have \"orange coke\" flavored soda. I never even heard of it before, so I had to try and and wow. Was it good.  \n\nSadly the whole time I was thinking there they never swept the floor that needed it. Yeah its a small thing and I am not going to eat off it, but visually it is not appealing. The same is true of their bathroom floor.
It's old.  It's tired.  The Embassy Suites here on North 44th hasn't changed much in the last several years.  But it's the only place we baseball fans prefer to stay.\n\nSure, we could stay at the Marriott and carouse with the baseball players, but it's too expensive over there and it's not our style.  The Embassy Suites has breakfast made to order in the morning, and free cocktails at night.  And a suite so that we can invite others to stay with us.  And the location is perfect:  10 minutes away from the airport, 10 minutes from two baseball fields (Phoenix Muni and Scottsdale), and two minutes from a major shopping center.\n\nAnd they finally got their internet to work.  \n\nSo I don't mind a few maintenance problems, no hair dryer in the bathroom, etc.  This'll do just fine.
Delhi Palace has won my heart for Indian food.  There is a great lunch buffet that is well worth a drop in from time to time.  I'm not sure if this location is associated with the Delhi Palace on University, but I have been to both and liked both.  Sometimes Indian food buffets can feel not so fresh, but both of these restaurants keep things fresh and heated.  \n\nThis restaurant has my stamp of approval as my favorite Indian food in the Phoenix area.
Avoid the lunch buffet.  Excellent Chicken Tikka Masala.
went here with my bf and his friend. came in at 7pm. took 10 minutes for someone to even realize we walked in the door..then took about 35 min to even get our food. they didn't seem very friendly. luckily, the food is pretty good [i've eaten indian food in europe before and it almost stood up to that.] i just didn't care for how slow they were.
Decent. The dishes are somewhat bland and seem to be not quite as authentic as I have had in the past. The curry was ok and the tikka masala, well Ive had better. The buffet is above average and as always the Naan was wonderful!
came here last Saturday night with a friend. the food is very good and you get a large portion - I had leftovers for lunch the next day. my only gripe is that the naan was a little more burnt/crispy than I like. I will be back to try their weekend buffet though.
Really great staff - friendly and professional. But the facility is beat. Rugs stained, wanted to wear flip flops in my room. Towels scratchy. They need to raze it and start over.
Red Devil has been around since before dirt was invented, and there is a reason: it is GOOD.\n\nI love love love their bruchetta.  It is, no hyperbole, the best in town.  I don't know where they get those tomatoes, but I have never tasted a bad one there.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it.\n\nPizza=to die for.  Amazing.  The hubs and I usually split a white pie, and never regret it.... well, if you don't count the regret I feel that I over ate!\n\nWe have tried the entrees, but we always go back to the pizza.  It is really that good.\n\nGo to Red Devil - what have you been waiting for?  Have some bruschetta.  Go home full.
Have been to red devil on a number of occasions and have enjoyed each visit. If you are not a fan of waiting for a table or waiting for a while on your food, don't stop by Friday nights. The place is packed. It you like white pizza, this place is worth the stop.
Yay! Really great venue to get up close and personal to see any acts that you may like. Everything from jazz, to comedy, to hip-hop has been absolutely wonderful here. Not the classiest selection of snacks, and not the most scenic surroundings, but who cares? You are within shouting distance of the artist, that's pretty cool.\n\nThey recently dropped the fee for the parking, so yay for free parking too! All in all, a great venue.
I came here years ago to see Henry Rollins Spoken word. (Totally awesome by the way: five stars.) The seats here though were absolutely HORRENDOUS! Now I'm 5'11\" so I'm used to not having a lot of leg room so I'm used to sitting sideways so my knees aren't banging into the seat in from of me. Here, legs to the side and I'm still rammed up against the next row. It was like being in a three hour yoga pose. \n\nI have never before and never since seen rows of seats so close to eat other. Only my sister in law could sit comfortably and she's 5'1\". Come on Celebrity Theatre, just a couple more inches. Size really does matter. If anyone told you otherwise, they were lying.
I shattered the screen on my old Droid2, so I stopped by Sun Cellular on my way home from work. It was after 4:30 and the shop closes at 5. Even though Dan was still working on other phones, rather than turning me away, he said he could get mine done that day and stayed open past 5. There was a hard plastic band around the edge of my phone that was also cracked. Dan offered to replace it, free of charge, if he could take it from another phone. Unfortunately, that piece was more damaged on the phones he had, but it was awesome of him to offer!
I would not recommend this apartment complex to anyone. Several negatives affect this review:\n\n1. My car was broken into! This is a \"gated\" community where the gate doesn't work half of the time!\n2. The apartment staff don't seem to care about their renters. Maintenance is a second thought, with little to no urgency. When asking about a piece of mail that was delivered to the office, they seemed to have no idea where it could have gone and keep no log of incoming or outgoing mail. On top of that, they didn't care enough to find the mail!\n3. Grounds are kept at a minimum. Dog bags are refilled occasionally, bushes are cut haphazardly. Overall, just unkempt.\n\nI'd say stay away from this place!!
Massive sewer roach issue and I will scream it from the mountain tops until it is addressed. I fucking hate living here...They act like they're all over it but they're not.\n The staff fucks each other and the units are poorly maintained. They put a dog area right outside my apartment and people just bring their dogs to shit and piss...\n\nThe gate is constantly broken and there is no security here. When I'm in the pool at night I hear gunshots! When I asked about the shady online reviews at EVERY reputable online renters community/open forum my rental agent told me not to worry about it lmao!!!\n\nRENTER BEWARE!!!!! Please feel free to contact me before you consider renting here. \n\nI can't WAIT until this lease is up.
This is by far the best BBQ place in Phoenix IMO.  The only problem that I always ran into is what to get.  All the meats are smoked to perfection and the link are spiced just the way i like it.\n\nThe BBQ sauce is so good that I keep a gallon of this wonder in my fridge at all times.\n\nOh, and they also have Alcohol!!
Above average BBQ at a resonable price.  Large portions.
This was a pretty decent place for good BBQ.  There isn't that much variety - mostly focused on BBQ meat sandwiches.  The good thing is that despite the small menu, what they do have is pretty good - I had the BBQ beef, which was tasty and had a ton of flavor.
I feel bad giving them 2 stars, the first time I went I LOVED the bbq, so good, so tender.  Second time I went, same thing, BUT I got food poisoning!  A busy, well known place like that shouldn't have that happen.  I'm never eating there again.
Must have been an off day but still pretty good. Better luck next time!
I've been going to this particular one since 1987.  It was a ritual to go there right after the Copper World race, Indy car race and  the races at Manzanita.  Great food, great portions and great atmosphere.
Honey Bear's provided catering for our wedding last month and the food was unbelievably good! We had the barbeque chicken and pulled pork--both were out of this world. They delivered the food right on time as well, so that was one wedding detail we didn't have to stress over!  I would highly, highly recommend this joint to any and everyone! Thank you so much for making our backyard barbeque wedding dreams come true!
I really wanted to like this place since I really dig family owned businesses I guess I will start my review by saying I ordered via phone but when I called I got an automated system that was horrible and didn't route you to anyone instead it said to call another number. After placing a huge order they said it would be done in 30 minutes. I went to pick up my order an hour later and it was still not ready and ended up waiting another 30 minutes when I looked around it seemed that everyone there was waiting for food and no food was being served in a timely matter. After finally getting my food I really wasn't impressed. \n\nPulled Pork-Dry\nBrisket-Dry\nSauce-Weak and needed spice\nBaked Beans-Very good especially with the sausage \nHot Links- Not bad but not spicy\nColeslaw- Very good \nCorn Bread- bland and tasted old
I'm from Chicago and dying for some fantastic tasting ribs, other than those that I BBQ myself. Everyone pointed me to Honey Bear's BBQ.\n\nThe place is clean and casual, and the service is OK. But the ribs were horrible. The beer was fantastic though and I first thought maybe the alcohol had dulled my taste buds. I remember screaming, \"Either this is a poor cut of beef/pork or both animals had mad cow/pig disease!\"\n\nI decided to return and give them another chance, and not order alcohol. I ordered the ribs and again, \"Mad Cow Disease!\"\n\nI won't ever return. How does that go: \"First time shame on you, second time shame on me...\"
The food wasn't very tasty. The bathrooms will make you leave and not even ask for your money back.
Nice typical zoo with all the usual animals with a few surprises and exceptions.\n\nThe \"reptile house\" was a joke.  The prairie dogs...dayum...they're obese!  \n\nThe different themes throughout the zoo were cool.  And similar to the Toronto zoo, there are peacocks roaming freely and rabbits and quails too.  Oh my!\n\nI thought it was odd that none of the \"restaurants\" at the zoo had any indoor dining rooms. \n\nIn addition, with one person in a wheelchair in our party, we thought it was ridiculous that the zoo wanted $35 for an electric wheelchair rental!!!  Are we renting a golf cart here?\n\nOther than the ridiculousness ,it was a nice big zoo to spend the day.
This zoo is amazing. I love that they have two splash zones. Please make sure to have your kids bring water appropriate clothes to play in. The barn and petting area is my daughters favorite place to check out!
It was a nice zoo but VERY small. And I mean extremely small. I've been to free zoos that have more to offer. You could walk through that zoo in 5 minutes if you continues through at a consistent pace. Not many animals and they missed out on some really cool animals. Not worth the price in my opinion.
ok food...def not thing worth driving more than 5 minutes to... i paid $6 for a burrito and a soda..not expensive but a 3 bite burrito shouldnt be 5 bucks..
My cheese enchiladas had non-melted cheese in them. That's a basic prerequisite for enchiladas - melted cheese. Not impressed at all. This place is sophomoric at best. There are far more tastier places in the valley to spend your money on. If I could leave a half star I would. I will never eat here again.
Don't go here if you have small children. This is a museum for 8 and up. If you are over 8 and have a love for fire engines and their history, then this place is great. This is not a place to go if you have young children that want to climb on everything. You are not even allowed to touch the railings that surround the fire trucks. The children's exhibit and the one firetruck that you are allowed to climb on seem like an afterthought.  Beware of the old men at the front as well, they don't seem too excited to have children there.
Papago is a great place. Staff is accommodating and friendly. The location and scenery are great. One key problem, lack of posting for the appropriate tee off locations.\nPlease mark by colors at each tee off. Provide better signage for those of us who are new to this course. Please consider making these suggested changes. I would have given this course a higher rating of the signage was appropriate.
Unfortunately, this place is on a downward trajectory it appears. Many businesses have closed and there are many vacancies. The ones that are there, apart from the Asian Market have changed hands. Not bad, but not worth a special trip.
These guys are the best.  They know the products inside and out, and are kind, informative, and fair in everyway.  Take the guess work out of your repair, and let them do what they do best.  I have had many Mercedes, and do know them well, but these guys have so much experience, and knowledge, and I could not recommend a more trustworthy source then the great people at MB Motors.\nYou guys Rock!!!
If you like spicy food, this is one of the best places in Phoenix to find it.  I was taken here by some Taiwanese classmates, and enjoy every trip I make.  It's not conveniently located, but worth the trip.\n\nIf you can find a Chinese speaking/reading person to bring with you, you will be able to order some of the specials and things that are only written in Mandarin.  \n\nThere are two menus, the smaller menu with more Americanized fare, and the larger menu with more authentic Chinese cuisine.  If you are into the American side of things, their food is what you would expect.
Average to a little less than average.  Staff was rushed and left me to call them over to get our check.  Waitress then looked at her tip with me sitting there.  Didn't mind looking back at her while it seemed like she thought about asking for more.  \n\nFood is average Szechwan fare.  Hot and Sour Soup is spicier and good, but missing the sour part.  Dumplings were good quality and didn't skimp on meat.  However, their sauces were bland.  Almond Chicken is servicable... just skip noticing that they use peanuts instead of almonds and that there is barely 3 oz of chicken.  Rice was a tad dry.\n\nMeh...
This is a restaurant I have been to umpteen times and thought of reviewing just now. Hands down my favorite Chinese restaurant. Though admittedly, i havent experimented too much here, i have found what I love and stick to it. And that special list includes water boiled chicken, green beans with bacon, spinach with garlic, fish in black bean sauce. Order from the chinese menu, dont go with the cliche of kung pao chicken when all of these yummy dishes exist.
Kungpao chicken is the best iv ever had!\n\nFood is great, they are fast, and friendly. \n\nI love this place!
For the price at lunch I am not sure you can get much better.  The food is good to great.  The price is cheaper then Panda Express and it blows that out of the water.  I love the Sweet and Sour, and the Kung Pau.  They give you soup and a salad with your meal as well.
Went with an open mind to try something new and out of the ordinary. Ordered pig intestine stirfry but server talked me into boiled beef and fish. What a mistake!  Flavor was different but initially good. After a few mouths full I began to have a numbness in my lips and tongue. I left and was still charged for inedible food. My suggestion is to go to Panda Express. Terrible food and service to match.
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER. Not only did they serve us EXTREMELY salty food - for all three dishes and one EXTREMELY SOUR- we had three people in our party, so it's not just my opinion- when we told them to try it, they said it suits out taste and refused to cancel the charge until after thirty minutes of disputing with them. WILL NEVER RETURN HERE. (Btw Chinese people at our table so they actually know what it's supposed to taste like)
There are lots of great restaurants near Phoenix area, as a Chinese student, I would like to say the Szechwan palace can represent the authentic Chinese food.  I ordered Mopo Tofu, Chongqing Hotpot and Boiled beef and fish today. All dishes are really spicy and I really love it.
You can get anything and everything you can get from Costco in behemoth size.  I usually wouldn't write about a chain, but this Costco has to be one of the better organized and there are an abundant amount of workers to help you out.  Be prepared to spend at least $100.  You think you only need a few things, but you keep adding up more.  On this particular occasion for whatever reason, I spent more than $400.  I was definitely packing it in for the winter hibernation.  Lastly, they have their food court indoors, which is essential considering your food or icre cream would wither away in the 110 degree heat.
The staff is nice .... Tables never seem to be clean and treys the beef brisket was great except for the bread
I love the food, Karen is an excellent waitress, (the other one sucks) and I HATE THE SMOKE!  \n\nPay attention people!  Allowing smoke to drift into the building while people are eating is a VIOLATION.  I even asked the manager to put his cigarette out that he left burning in the ashtray and he just ignored me.  When I asked if they could at least shut the door while people were eating he said \"NO\".  Sorry for ya, enjoy your fine!  \n\nPS, get a couple of new speakers for the crap radio station you play in there.  I know you can't hear too well but trust me, those have been blown for a couple years now!
Cheap and low-quality\n\nA decent selection at a fair price, but the quality is far less than Sweet Tomatoes.  The salad bar wasn't kept fresh (wilted lettuce, low containers), the pizza was like a frozen type (crappy crust and sauce), greasy/oil atop of the meat for the tacos.  I won't go on.\n\nOn that note, it serves the purpose for a buffet - mass quantities for the masses.\n\nI will not go back.  I would prefer to spend $3-4 extra dollars to go to Sweet Tomatoes any day.
Good food\nFriendly service (only if they are not busy)\nI mainly go here for the appetizers and beer during happy hour
No wait for a Wednesday night which was nice and the food came out quickly.  Fish and chips were crispy on the outside and still cold on the inside.  Sandwich was ok, but nothing very impressive and definitely not worth the $9.99 price tag.  We sent back the Fish and Chips and it took a pretty long time to get the replacement meal we requested.  Not planning on returning ever again.  Service was quick, except for the replacement meal taking forever.
Yesterday, we stop in for a late lunch. We decide to split a couple appetizers. While we are waiting they brought us the normal chips and salsa. The chips tasted stale and the salsa was pretty gross too. Then our food came. We ordered loaded nachos - which were far from loaded. I am still trying to figure out how they managed to put everything in one tiny corner of the plate. The second plate was the mini chimis. Oh my gosh, they were even worse! Soggy, covered in sour cream and what I think was guacamole?  They were inedible! Yuck! I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. No no no
Since zero stars is not an option 1 shall do. \n\nOne of the worst dinning experiences EVER!\nMe and my party of 4 sat down on a beautiful Saturday afternoon after the PRIDE festival just down the road. We sat and enjoyed the free chips and salsa and nothing else. After 25 minutes and ZERO service of a beverage or even an acknowledgement of our being there we decided to leave. \nIf the place had been busy that would have been different but we were 1 of maybe 5 tables being used. \nSad sad restaurant. \nNever again.
Good place.  Friendly staff.  It has a nice little bar with a few TV's to watch the game, which is a lot to ask in Midtown Phoenix. :)
Stayed here when I traveled for work about a month ago. \n\nWhat I liked:\n-Really liked the room; bed, separate room for sofa, tv, and mini fridge\n-free Internet in my room\n-great rate for a weeknight, just around $100\n-hotel had a cool interior, open floors, but not loud where you could hear chatter.\n\nWhy no fifth star:\n-parking garage is really confusing to navigate\n-breakfast was a bit expensive, get the buffet, not the menu items.\n\nWould come back here since it's close to work and good value for a Hilton.
I've yet to try Pizzeria Bianco (one of these days!) but as this place shares the same owner, I found that grabbing a sandwich here is much less of a hassle than waiting in line for a pizza at PB.   Never thought twice about making the trip out from Peoria for lunch, either.\n\nThe word is that the owner is very fastidious when it comes to food thus he only uses fresh, local ingredients--often from his own garden.  Taste one of the sandwiches to find out for yourself!\n\nSeriously though, how many places can you go where the owner is the one responsible for baking the bread for YOUR sandwich?  Not many.  But here he will.  So what if I was a tad celeb-struck, at least I didn't embarrass myself by waving and shouting at him.  Meh, he's probably used to it.
I now know where the hipsters are in Phoenix. \nAn easy ordering menu like In-N-Out, but with fresh rustic sandwiches.  \nOnly four different sandwiches, four different salads, and a small variety of sodas in a bottle makes life easy to decide.    \nI liked the quick service, the banter between the staff and regulars, and bench seating.  \nI don't like that it's only open for lunch on the weekdays.\nWhatever they are doing though, they are doing it right, because I think about eating there a lot and their other restaurant Pizzeria Bianco.
Always a great meal, tomato moz sandwich amazing, focia pizza amazing
Super cute spot with the freshest of the fresh ingredients. Tasty sandwiches and salads. Fast and friendly service. Adorable country farm feel. What's not to love?
I used to be a huge huge fan of this place.  But, recently they seem to have quality control issues.  One issue has been the bread---which used to be nothing short of awesome.  One a couple of recent visits (off the lunch time rush) the bread tasted like it had been sitting around (in one case, the sandwich was inedible).  A second issue has been seasoning, which used to be perfect.  In one case, the sandwich lacked any taste and in another case, the moz was unevenly salted.  All of these are \"sins\" that are excusable from an ordinary sandwich shop with ordinary prices.  (Well, the inedible sandwich isn't excusable...)  But, I expect much better from PB.
I've never eaten here, just had a friend describe to me how he was kicked out for \"speaking spanish\".  A bit in shock that a business in America thinks this is helpful in anyway.  If it's true then I suggest nobody eat here but Separatist douchebags.
minus a star for not having an EPL ticket to show all the games. for F###'s sake you are THE english bar in phoenix and I can't watch my beloved gunners unless they are on ch 167?? come on.  \nIf you are going to hang the flags and scarfs at least have the game, when its 7am and i want to get pissed watching arsenal-chelsea in the '5th' biggest city in the US and I cant, well, it doesn't make daddy happy. haha\nall in all not a bad place\ngreat beer selection\nnice decor, simply put, its one of those places where you get some drinks in for 2-3 hours, walk out and say \"holy sh!t, the sun is still out????\"
The best place in town to watch European football (soccer for locals). I would rate it with 5 stars but the food is just tasteless, so think about watching football and having drinks there only.
Enjoyed the fish and chips. The fish flaky, thick cut, with a thin crispy batter. The chips... a little to soft. Overall pretty good. Looks like a great place to catch a soccer game. English style food.
I have been here a couple times and generally enjoy it. The parking is not the best and it's a dark lit area. They have decent beer selection, the food is hit or miss. I have had the fish & chips 2 times and it was good but the coleslaw that came with it was horrible. The other times I had just a pub burger and it was nothing special. I've been able to catch a few of the bagpipe acts here and it's cool to see. They have darts and a pool table. Overall it's a cool place to come have a drink.
Oh King George,\nKing of the Phoenix dive bars\nI live so close\nI require no cars\nYou have pub food of plenty \nAnd patrons a many\nBut consuming such grease\nMakes me feel like a piece\nYour beer doesn't please me\nAnd leaves me feeling slightly queasy\nA dungeon of darkness\nWith lights so dim\nA place void of nobles and youth\nMost patrons barely have more than a tooth\nMy visits here leave me full of sorrow\nI guess see you again tomorrow....
Horrible service, horrible attitudes. I created a yelp account to write this review. Absolutely rude and incredibly expensive.
Went for Sunday brunch (around noon) and were all pleasantly surprised!  \n\nThe service was great -- you get your own pitcher of water and carafe of coffee.  The coffee was deeeelicious.  \n\nI made the mistake of ordering a tall stack of pancakes.  They were HUGE.  Honestly, all you need is a short stack -- they were at least 8 inches across.  The sausage were slightly overcooked, but still really good.\n\nAnother in our group had an omelette and we weren't overly impressed with it -- she commented she could have gotten a bigger omelette at IHOP (and probably better looking).  \n\nBut overall, I'd go back.  Those pancakes were delicious, as was the coffee.  Very good.
Finally, a chic and affordable Aveda salon in downtown Phoenix. Hooray! I love this place. The ladies at the front desk are SO warm and inviting - they're the kind of people who would make you forget all about your bad day. I trust Lilly with my waxes - she is friendly and very knowledgeable. I was scared for my first wax and asked her about a million questions, all of which she answered thoroughly and with patience. I haven't had a haircut here yet, but definitely plan on it.
Loooove Ide Mania! I go there mostly for waxing since I'm terrible about getting my hair cut, but I always see those getting their hair done smiling and laughing and their hair looks great. I'll be going there for this soon. \n\nAs for the waxing... Lily is AH-MAY-ZING! She's so sweet and fun, and she does the best job on waxing that I've ever had! They're quick to make appointments to fit your busy schedule and the ladies working are so friendly! You're missing out if you haven't been here yet! :) \n\nPS - Their prices are also great! Better than any other salon I've been to WITH better service and results.
Great place. As one reviewer said this is NOT a meat-market. Smart trainers, great use of space and allow you to get in and get out quick with 30 minute workouts. The trainers here don't rely on machine circuits like many other gyms. At Vitality you are using dumbbells, kettlebells, TRX, barbells, medicine balls and even flipping tires or hitting the heavybag. The owner is incredibly nice, and make sure to ask for Liz if you want a trainer who is high energy and will kick your butt!
I have no hesitation in giving this review one star.  I wanted a Frosty, but left without anything.  The patron two cars in front of me apparently thought she was ordering at a fine dining establishment.  It's Wendys not a fancy steakhouse. While waiting for this person to finish ordering her lenghtly and detailed order, a bum tried to ask me for change.  I promptly told him to get the F*** out of here.  I took my own advice and did the same.  Will not be back to this location.
I really like one of their managers who is here during the weekdays. He is very good at keeping the staff on their toes but I haven't seen him as recently as my last visit. The drive thru service is horrible with errors from ordering to inability to understanding the English language. This place has gone downhill.
Parking! Parking! Parking! What a nightmare! I have never found a spot inside their parking area. I always park at the Wendys across the street and walk over. As for the service I can't complain, they have always helped me out and been very nice. It does however take me awhile to get an appointment. Usually ranges between 7-10 business days. I have also never had anyone at my clinic ever pick up the phone. I have always left a message and they return it within 24-48 hours.
10/23/13\n\nAt the VA facility today for long awaited appointments. Prior to departing I had the opportunity to visit the travel office. At the travel office I picked up a number(69) from the ticket machine, they overhead counter read 29!\nIf this wasn't bad enough, two windows were open and one employee occupying the right window was actually sitting down at the service counter reading a NEWSPAPER, while literally dozens of vets were waiting patiently to be seen.  Are these the kind of employees the Phoenix VA have as support staff? God help us all.
Worst customer service ever!  Completely disgusted with the service received at this VA hospital...Operators blind transfer you to other departments that hang up on you...First time registering?  Expect to be put on a 3 to 6 month waiting list just to talk to someone to set up an appointment no matter how bad you need to see a DR..\n\nVeterans DESERVE better than this!!
i love this applebee's !!!! everyone is super friendly!  for dessert i recommend getting the blondie! so yummy
These type of chain places are noy my jam- It was OK- they do have some pretty awesome Happy Hour Specials on drinks and food- that being said, i would come back, but only for those deals and only with girlfriends for dinner and drinks during HH- otherwise, you are getting crap.
Hands down, this place has the BEST sandwiches in AZ!\n\n1. Great Bread\n2. Generous size portion of meat in each sandwich.\n3. Nice variety of sandwiches.\n\nWild Turkey is my personal favorite sandwich.\nBrie/ Boar's Head Turkey/ Lettuce/ Tomato on Sourdough Bread.
This is my favorite deli in the valley.  Whenever I am in central Phoenix I work my schedule around making sure that I get to eat here.  They remember my name and ask about how my family is doing even when it's been months since my last visit.  The fact that you can see pictures of generations of family working behind the counter in one place really should mean something when trying to figure out why you should eat here instead of subway or some other massive chain.  I always get the new yorker.  This is the place everyone craves in their community for lunch and it exists!
I always hear hype about China Chili...now I've been there a few times and it is decent but nothing to rave about.  Unfortunately I never made it there prior to the big move but I really cannot imagine that much changed in the way of food greatness.  My vote still goes to GHoHK.
They do not use fresh ingredients, or at least they cook so badly to make it seem that way.\n\nPeople must have to convince themselves that this place is good because it's the trendy thing to do. But you're better off going elsewhere if you want good Chinese food.\n\nHere's a general tip for you guys: if the place isn't predominantly Asian, leave. That's a definite sign that the quality is sub-par. But if you're white and have never had genuine southern Chinese food, you'll probably just barely choke down your \"food\" and agree with most people that this place is decent.
The Salt and Pepper flounder is amazing.  The egg drop soup is amazing as well.
It's very hard to find decent Chinese food in Phoenix and this place is your standard fare. The house chicken and vegetable chow mein were very good as well as the vegetable spring roll. They're set up in what looks like a banquet hall which is a little weird at first but I do like how open it is. Definitely come with a group and order a few plates to share. We couldn't finish the two dishes between us - tons of left overs!
oh no no no no!  i ordered the tofu and um, well, it was silken tofu.  i would figure that they would know which tofu to use and how to cook it but i was so unhappy with my meal.  i will never return and i would just like to forget about the whole thing.
The orange chicken and house rice were perfect together.  We added in a pork dish and it was a great combo.  They seated us quickly and had our drinks out right away.  The server checked on us consistently but wasn't annoying!
I've never been to a \"bad\" JJ before - the locations I've ever visited (LA, San Diego, Seattle, Phoenix) have all been consistent and obviously very standardized. So, round-of-applause for that!\n\nWent to the downtown location yesterday for lunch and was waiting *patiently* behind a lady who took the menu WAYYYYYY too seriously. Damn woman! It should not take 3-4 minutes to decide what smoothie you want? Should it? Or am I just an ass??\n\nWell, anyways - the personnel noted this and started interacting w/the line (of 4 ppl) and started to get the smoothie making party started. Great job!!! But, sadly - I was not asked what free power boost I wanted in mine. I really needed extra protein yesterday so boooo! Regardless, the smoothie was fantastic - had the Light Mango-A-Go-Go.
I just paid $20 for two drinks.  This place is delicious and healthy but the price is absolutely ridiculous.  The kale isn't fresh it's frozen. The drinks are good but not worth the price. Just juice at home or go to a neighborhood market.
Rip . off.  Thief People Up In There.
Now that I'm living back in Central PHX I got a membership once again at Movies On Central. \n\nI love their selection and I can usually find that odd arty flick here that most other video stores don't carry. Just like this weekend I was searching for \"Ladies and Gentleman Introducing The Fabulous Stains\" starring a teenage Diane Lane and Movies on Central had it! \n\nI like how they have a cult movie section and section off movies by director.\n\nIf you are a movie buff this store is for you.
Used to be a serviceable record store but has become a shell of its former self.  OVERPRICED lps and the selection is almost the same as it was 10 years ago.  I am an avid collector and really find no reason to go here anymore.
Came here for a couple of rounds after dinner--it was early like 7ish and the place was pretty empty, but it was nice because my group was able to play a few rounds of pool without being bothered.\n\nIt's a dive/biker place-- but sometimes that's all you need cheap beer and good juke box music. \n\nI didn't notice a \"smell' at all, i thought the place was pretty clean.  And the staff is really nice and tentative....so plus!\n\nWe were of the few \"younger\" ppl here, i think maybe like five others who were in our age group(20's) were in attendance.  Mostly locals probably, but that was cool, fun couple of hours.
Hanrattys is my go to dive bar. You cannot beat 2.50 bud and bud light drafts. Plus it is also an Ohio bar which I can enjoy. Not much of a crowd but it is a fun place to relax. \n\nThey have real darts and pool tables. So there is plenty to do. \n\nThe only downside, is the food. I have only tried one thing and that is the mozzarela sticks so do not try them.
All I can say is YUM!  This is my new favorite place.  Not only can you build your own salad, but the premade ones they prepare are excellent too!  The broccoli salad is a must try, and the won ton chicken happiness salad.  I've already been 3 times since I first went a week and a half ago and still haven't made it to the soups, but the selection is great and they all look amazing!  I will try next time and report back.  Also, the lemonade mixed with the strawberry lemonade is soooo good!  I could go on forever... eat at Sweet Tomatoes!!!
I have noticed the trend in all the location but today was the worst.  Coffee was cold and the cream was warm.  The lettuce had a faint smell of bleach or ?  There was almost no breads out but a few drier ones.  I took one and it was cold and soggy.  No one cleared my table or even spoke to me though there were people doing that at other tables.  The frozen desert, chocolate, had no taste at all.  It was cold, creamy and without any flavoring.  The lady at the registered dropped 2 large stacks of glasses (all glasses are plastic or paper).  She and others picked them up from the floor and stacked them back up.  I watched as they gave them to the new customers.  What do you think would be on a floor? There is always lots of food but they obviously care nothing about food temperatures or bacteria on their dishes. I will not be returning.
Very upset this place has closed. Please come back! One of the few places in town where you can get healthy take-out.
I like this location.  They have a lot of turnover, but for the most part everyone has been pretty good.  Wish the outside tables were cleaned more often.  They are too dirty 90% of the time to use.
QDOBA on Central, Park Central Mall - 9/24/13, Tues @ 11:30 am... I was waiting in line for over 10 mins, when I finally got to the girl, she told we they we out of chicken! I don't eat meat or pork, so I ONLY wanted chicken. I flat out said, \"Good-Bye!\" to her & walked out,  as I was walking out, I made sure that I told everyone in line that they were out of chicken. I was very upset!  NO restaurant should ever run out of something like chicken! I would think that a restaurant would be or even should be embarrassed to be running out of a 'staple' such as chicken, don't you think? and the girl was so nonchalant about it, too.
I brought in a pair of red suede Dolce Vita heels, with a rather large black scuff mark on the side of it, thinking there wasn't anything I could do to save them due to the color and material. However, Nerik proved me wrong and made them look almost brand new again. I was beyond impressed and completely satisfied with his work! I would highly recommend them for all your shoe and alteration needs! Thanks again Central Shoe Repair!
Sonora is wonderfully average.\n\nYou will never be surprised by anything here, as when they tell you the beer won't be cold because it's casket, it won't be cold. The hot wings are hot, the fresh salads are fresh, and they always cook things to order and are always accurate (mid rare is always mid rare... a rarity!). I love brewhouses so the local brews are delish.\n\nThere's nothing surprisingly good at Sonora, but I'll choose it over a culinary adventure almost anyday!
Good stuff.  Haven't had too much of the food.  Onion rings are delicious.  All beers delicious.  Good joint to grab a growler for the drive home...I mean for when you get home.
Delicious, finely crafted beer! Good food and friendly staff.
Average beer... Great food.
If you're into great craft beer, don't waste your time here. The cask conditioned IPA tastes like dish water. Food was average. Meh.
Been here before to skate and its very nice, friendly, and not crowded by any means :)
M Catering recently serviced a high-profile members-only museum opening at the Heard Museum, and did a wonderful job from what I could see as an attendee. They served some great customized tamales with goat cheese, another appetized with rice and duck that was quite nice, and a flan that was the talk of several tables of guests. If I was going to throw an event in Phoenix (Unlikely since I live in NM), I'd check this outfiy out.
Phoenix's best bar!  Everyone is welcome. Bored with the usual, join the interesting set at C7. Friday night's drag show starts about 10:30 and Daveena Ross is an elegant hostess. Bring $1s to help them fund college or make-up. If you like clones, stay away. If you like humanity, come on down!
As a Socially Liberal Feminist I would NEVER go here, but if I slipped up, The Hi-Liter  would be my favorite of the genre.\n\nI've heard that it's just seedy enough, but not too much, and with top notch \"talent\".  I mean ... that's what I've heard anyway.\n\n*Oink Oink*
Not the biggest, baddest or hottest strip club in town but for a night out with my friends it was fun.  Plenty of good looking girls, not too pushy and very friendly.  Dances were decent for $10, some girls were much better at it then others.  Drinks were typically overpriced, just like any other strip club.  When there's another night out with the guys...I'll make sure to bring this place up again.
I won't lie, I've been here once or twice.  Not on par with Canadian clubs but much better than the other clubs in the valley.
The girls are beautiful!!! Bartenders & waitresses are AMAZING.. The DJ's are great... This place is FUN... The drink specials are always good... \n\nDON'T EAT THERE.... The cook is dirty... don't get me wrong the food is great... But don't eat if Chef Rudy is cooking he's dirty he does dirty nasty to the food..
Really crazy selection of invitations. I cant believe how many books they had!! Wow, definitely more than any other venue in Phoenix. \n\nThat said, unless you are thinking of invitations over $8/person (not possible for me because I have an insane guest list), then it is not the place for you. I guess they have a lot of invitation books for less, but that selection is not nearly as exciting or unique as the high end stuff.\n\nThe women who I met there were not friendly but not rude either - definitely tend to leave you alone to sort through things.\n\nI didnt end up ordering anything from here because I found beautiful invitations that looked very expensive for a lot less through Hallmark.\n\nBut this is a place I would definitely recommend to START (and possibly finish, if you're lucky) invitation shopping. You learn a LOT about the different possibilities and styles.
This is the only place I go when I need greeting cards. The store has a wonderful assortment of gifts and seasonal items. The women who work there treat you like family.
I agree that Juans is good but its not the best Mexican food I have ever had. What makes or breaks a Mexican restuarant for me is the chip and salsa and I thought the chips and salsa were average at Juans.\nI had the combo #15 which is a cheese enchilada and a beef or chicken taco w rice and beans. The refried beans were the best part, they are super tasty. The price is right and the portions are big.
Lots of food, low price\nLarge choice, good chips, salsa warm\nTastes good anytime\n\nI was sure I'd written another review of Juan's.  The pictures on the Welcome tab still scream, \"Write! write! write!\" at me.\n\nWhy am I trying to write Haiku for a Mexican restaurant?  \n\nArizona, U.S.A.  \n\nNevermore
This place is awesome!!  been going here for years the # 1 is the way to go red chili is amazing
This is a tough one. This restaurant is a lot of fun, has reasonable prices and very good food. \n\nUnfortunatley you can expect a wait of 1-2 hours seemingly anytime during the week, night or day. Even take-out usually takes over an hour!\n\nI suppose that's evidence of the restaurant's overall quality, but their general nonchalant attitude about the situation has frustrated me to the point that I rarely even bother with the place anymore - which is too bad, because they probably have the best wings I've ever tasted.
Second try:\n\nSo I am updating my review! Received the giftcard and went ahead and tried it again ( dinned in this time around ) it was PERFECTION.  We'll go back for sure!
I've always enjoyed Oregano's. Who doesn't like their pizza and pasta dishes or their pazooki (i always share the half and half)?!\n\nBut recently, I found my favorite dish ever and will order it every time I go. After I realized how much I enjoyed it, I found out it's the healthiest thing on the menu! Or at least that's what someone told me. Either way - the Big Beefstro Salad is what I will be ordering from now on. It's filled with shaved rib-eye, jalapenos, sweet onions and a sweet serrano dressing atop the greens.\n\nOh, and sometimes I like to indulge in the Dirty Monkey - it's delicious, but strong.
One of the things I love about this place is the outdoor seating in the cooler months.  I also love the Bellini, Toasted Ravioli, and Rosemary-Chicken Pizza.\n\nThere IS room for improvement, however.  The takeout \"system\" they are using has caused me to go somewhere else more than once.  I don't think that having certain pickup \"windows\" for loyal customers is a sufficient way to reward them, especially at that price point.\n\nOregano's, you have a LOT of good competition (especially in Central Phoenix) so you may want to rethink the way you are treating customers.  I'm going to try you out again soon so we'll see how things go from there.
I Love Oregano's, but this specific location is terrible.  The food is not prepared as well as the other locations.  Very Very dissapointed
Excellent waiters, nice and clean tables and floor. Good food portions.decent prices. Food is delicious and fresh. Beer was excellent .
This location has a nice patio, but it is too close to parking lot and a bunch of flies make their home out there as well. My salad was huge as usual for a small and I can't recall the name, but it had feta and cranberries I think and then I added chicken for three bucks more. You know what you are getting here and it's usually good and worth the price since leftovers are almost always available.
gotta say that this place failed on the majority. service was slow and rude. the hummus was almost all tahini, no lemon juice, and no seasoning. lentil soup was like chef boyardie chili gone bad.\n\ni dont recommend this place at all. lots of choices in the area.
Amazing that a cafe like this can do great sushi, Italian pasta, and ramen!  Try the low carb soy noodles in your Italian dish.  Good stuff.
LOOOOVE this place!! PAD Thai is delicious :)
2nd time eating here and just as good as the first.  Lunch menu has affordable eats at various prices. The bread basket, which seems weird at a Asian fusion place, was standard but do try the toasted bread slices with cinnamon which slip to the bottom.  The tempura is light and tasty, Cajun shrimp pasta is to die for, Pad Thai comes with a plate full of noodles and veggies.  Service is slow because of the crowds.  Had to ask for more water and it took more than a moment to receive the bill.  A bit overpriced for noodles yet still good.  I would not make a special trip to visit.
Not the best country club I have ever golfed at, but pretty nice all the same.  The course itself is well maintained, though it was aerated recently.  Customer service is obviously touted here and it shows throughout the entire facility.  I had a nice experience and will definitely be back soon.
Absolutely horrible. Don't bother coming here. We came because its and Taco Bell and a Pizza Hut so everyone could get something they liked. We waited 20 minutes just for the tacos and 35 minutes for 3 pan pizzas. The staff was unapologetic and every single one of them gave us attitudes. The assistant manager did apologize to us but she should probably get rid of the whole staff there especially the young black girl who had the absolute worst attitude out of all of them. Don't go here. There's plenty of other places to go around here.
They told me that the oil change would take an hour to an hour and a half. It ended up taking three hours as they waited for a part. In their defense they said it was possible it would take longer. That was fine but when the person at the front\ndesk starts talking politics, swearing, and pushing his beliefs, that is when the line of professionalism was crossed. The car works great but the customer service left much to be desired.
Dr. Keith's office called our house to remind me that my appointment was the following day. My girlfriend answered and told them \"Oh don't worry, he'll be there.....he just loves to go to the dentist\".\nI love going to Dr. Keith's office. They are gentle , thorough, caring and honest. They do excellent work.  Thanks Scott for taking care of me over the years.
We had a terrific experience here.  Tim the manager was very approachable and explained the process very clearly.  They listened to my specific needs (when I needed my car back, etc) and accommodated me.   More importantly, the job they did was fantastic-a repair to back bumper, and the work was immaculate.\n\nI would highly recommend them!
Great service, terrible food. I was looking forward to eating at Christo's and the longer I was there, the more disappointed I became. Funky house salad with a creamy ranch (?) dressing and one slice of bad hot house tomato. The lemon rice soup was boiling hot, but not awful. White French baguette bread and butter was plentiful, thank god. The stuffed mushroom appetizer was bland and my veal entr\u00e9e was drowned in sauce. The service was 5 star, I'll give them that. I suppose I came away with the thought that I'd rather have lousy service and good to great food than great service and lousy food. Maybe I should have tried one of the 3,000 specials our Italian waiter rattled off before we ordered. By the time he was finished, the only thing I remembered him saying was, \"...topped with feta cheese.\"
I went in Karsh's against my better judgment because my friend really wanted to try something they had available.  They were surprisingly friendly and courteous, not one of their Mr. Hyde days, I thought.  It occurred to me to bring up my complaint about them because I so rarely enter their doors that what ever they thought didn't matter anyway.  It surprised me to learn that the management has brought in almost a whole new staff to replace the nasty ones. (I have to admit I looked and didn't see people I recognized from before. They were responding to continuing complaints.  I'll be going in again soon to get bread.  We'll see.
I just moved here from Seattle and wanted to have a hotdog.  I saw this place one night when it was close and we decided to go back the next day when they opened.\n\nThe menu was intimadating at first, so I had to ask the girl what was what.  I ordered the quarter pound.  Yummy!  BF ordered the Reuben, which looked really good with the cheese sauce on it.\n\nWe will be back
Nothing special, to be honest.  I am a huge supporter of small business owners. Sadly, Sonic has better tasting hotdogs and buns. Also his lemonade offered with special (says machine is broken, awaiting repair) is disgusting, watered down. Sadly, after all these years driving by... I know why I have not ever stopped in....and never will again.  :/
Literally the best. \n\nAlways have free samples and are willing to skewer just about everything they own on a toothpick for you to try.\n\nThis is a good first step if you dream of having a good relationship with a butcher like all those TV chefs do.
I really dig the rhythm room! I went to a concert here on Monday night. \n\nit was cute.\nit was quaint.\nit was CLEAN.\ngreat bartenders, love the option to sit or to stand. \n\nthe sound guy was a bit off and im pretty sure my ear is still ringing from the high pitched squeel when the microphones got too close to the speaker or something. but hey, it happens i guess. \n\ni had a blast at this sweet little spot.
The music was good.  The beer was warm.  Wheat beer served warm can contain bacteria.  The person I was with and myself were both sick for three days.
LOVE going to the eye doctor now!  They can get me in and out in no time.  Extremely friendly staff!
Staff is knowledgable and friendly. They have a big space, and hold lots of comic related event, but also gaming events for RPG's and CCG's. I visited all the comic shops when I moved here from NYC looking for a new on to feed my comic addiction, and Samurai is the one that I choose as the most real.
I have been here one time and one time only. I will never go back. I took my two kids here since my son is into pokemon and my daughter loves my little ponies. Plus it's very close where we live. I tried to get one of the three people working to help us but they seemed more interested in avoiding helping us. My questions were answered with one word or a finger point. My daughter was able to find a couple of comics but we never did find the cards my son was pointed to. When we checked out the person behind the counter said is this it and rolled their eyes. Not the kind of experience i expected of a place geared to all ages. I was disappointed to say the least.
I pass by this walgreens on the way home so I stop in frequently. Always able to find what I need. Clean and organized, will come again.
Great place to find inexpensive, gently used item for your infant and bigger child. From bedding, highchairs and excersaucers to clothes and shoes and toys. They have a 50/50 consignment plan ( cash or store credit) and will display everything for 90 days. If it doesn't sell you get all your non sold items back.  The new management that took over the business last February vamped the store up and it looks better and better and they are super friendly and always willing to help. Always had a great experience. They have a Facebook page too in which they list new item in pictures. Highly recommended.
Maybe I gave this one too many stars because nothing compares with Houston's Grand Opera, but the Arizona Opera is still good and definitely worth seeing.\n\nHint:  If you come at 6 pm instead of when it starts at 7 pm you can hear a talk about the opera, which will help you understand it better if you're a newbie!  Cool, huh?\n\nRegardless, you're either going to just love opera or hate it.  I'm a lover = season tickets which includes the price of the parking garage at $8 (compared to $10 at the local garages).  I think the total bill ran $130 or $150.  So worth it if you are one of the opera lovers!
Oops...-\nI forgot to add to my review about Jayme my stylist...that out of all the cities I've lived in & stylists I've visited...Jayme is by far my favorite & the most personable & talented stylist in town! Make an appointment today...you won't be disappointed!!!:)
Great salon tucked next to Fuego Bistro. I have been seeing Mara for years and I leave a happy customer every time.  I love that she knows how I like my hair cut and make sure that I don't chop it all off. Mara offers fantastic hair cuts for a great price! She offers hair coloring services and she does amazing work. She's the best secret in Phoenix!
Be prepared to be upset it is gone has been for several years now.
I was informed by Volvo I Am that I needed a new AC compressor at a cost of $1300. I had a second opinion at the Volvo dealership who told me that my AC unit was just fine. In addition to the unethical business practices of this shop, the owner was extremely rude and aggressive.
Went back to Volvo Am I for a maintenance check, and the second visit was as positive as the first.  Volvo Am I Fane
I have shopped here off & on for years. I am always amazed I return due to the awful service & attitudes but with so few Needlework shops in Phoenix I have bit my tongue & gone.  I recently inquired about a Special Order Canvas for my Birthday. I FB them & called both. After 2 weeks of trying to get them to help me they responded by leaving me a phone message stating they had No Idea what canvas I was talking about. I have ordered from them before. The canvases are hundreds of dollars & I fail to see where the confusion came in considering I had Put the comeplete title & artist in my facebook message. I have ordered the canvas elsewhere. I don't know if it is just me they seem to dislike without knowing me or if it is just being outside the clique that is the issue. Order online unless your a Stepford Sticher.
I went to this shop based on the high ratings. \n12 days later, 2 loaner cars, $1200, many excuses, a second opinion that found the problem in minutes, and 3 chances later, the issue of new front struts and squeaking and rocking upon braking persist. The car has not felt remotely right since it was in their hands. Will go to second opinion Tobias in Cave Creek next time. They seem far more on top of things.
Had lunch here on a recent Saturday.  The pastrami was ok, but it was tough and sliced too thickly.  Coleslaw is good, and the pickles were just starting to get sour.\n\nThe fries were great, but not enough to make up for lackluster pastrami.\n\nI would go back, but with low expectations.
Stopped in here for lunch today, joined by Arlin B, Robyn N & Mike C.  Scott's was a bit of a disappointment for me this time.  My expensive bowl of Kreplach Soup was lukewarm & only contained one little Kreplach the size of a Ping Pong ball!  Even the smaller cup sized soup should have two or three of them.  My corned beef sandwich was good but the service was only so-so.  Considering all of this and the prices, it's down to 3 Stars this time for Scott's.\n\nCorned Beef Sandwich $10.95, bowl of Kreplach Soup $7.95 (!)
Way overpriced.  There sub should be priced at 6.50 tops.  It's just okay at best.  Their pickle taste like its been marinated in salt.  The worse part about it was that my buddy wanted to go somewhere else but we went to this place on my suggestion.  Fortunately, there was no rift caused in our friendship.
Great place, not a lot of parking.  We ordered a pizza and chicken parm.  It was really good food and the service was great.  We will be visiting this place again!
Excellent pizza and great service.  The Mediterranean Pizza and Moscato wine both get 5 stars.
Have you ever noticed that almost every florist uses the same pictures on their website and somehow they are all connected to Teleflora?  One of these days I'll figure out why and how this all works... but in the meantime, since I don't have a go-to florist that I use regularly, I use whatever company is most convenient at the time.\n\nSo, when I recently wanted to send flowers to a friend of mine that was staying at the Montelucia, and the concierge told me that they use Garden of England, I went with it... \n\nI was not a fan of the $10 delivery charge, but so be it... I'm told the arrangement was colorful and beautiful... and of course it was a nice surprise for my friend upon her arrival.  I'll go direct next time for sure though - there is nothing like a personal touch - especially with flowers!
First of all I cannot sew so this review is not from the point of a seamstress.  I went there for ribbons and other gold colored fabrics for center piece making and I def found more than I could ever imagine.  They have great luxurious fabrics as well as tacky sequin covered fabrics (I totally bought some).  If you need fabric you will find what you need or something very close to it.  The parking was ok but no lie the place is always packed.  As far as customer service goes it really depends on who you deal with. Some are chatty Cathys and others don't seem to care much for the customers. The bottom line is the place might look beat up but the selection is great and the people will cut your fabric and even give you a little extra if they see some damage.
This place is as bad to be expected! \n\nEssentially a warehouse stuffed with random fabric scraps, ribbon and assorted accessories. \n\nTo be honest, you better come here on a scavenger hunt, or else you will be disappointed!
Genny's is a hoot! I'm def Straight but NOT narrow.
Dennys has changed their delicious chicken fried steak to a formed meat product brick \nEPIC FAIL!!!!!!
I have eaten here many times the staff is great and friendly. The remodeling gives this place the old time at home dinner feeling. Love to meet here for business or just meeting friends. Wish the rest if them were like this one. Can't beat the speed of service any place in town. This location is one of the after bar stops and gets extremely busy after 1 am nightly. It is well worth th wait.
Nice place. Alert and friendly staff, fun people,darts, billiards and sports on screen. Also very clean.  \nBeen twice. I live in Glendale so driving is an issue. Took a taxi over a month ago because I assumed they would be showing the ufc fights. No such luck, sports bar anyone?\nWas a fun night anyway with beer, darts and conversation. Would definately go back.
There aren't many Mexican buffet restaurants in phoenix. Maybe because Mexican food is best served fresh. I remember the 1st time my boyfriend took me to Panchos; he remembered eating there when he was younger & wanted to go back.  The salsa isn't very good; it's bland for a Mexican place. We have gone back many times and I must admit that it has gotten worse & worse every time. The food selection has gotten worse & the price higher. We also saw them on the dirty dinning report & they got a horrible rating and neither of us was surprised. It's sad, such a great Idea & good location could have done allot better!
I can almost always find something fan-fuckin-tastic for less than half the price it'd be in it's original store.
I'm writing this review purely as a seller. \n\nSo I am a total shopaholic!  I guess that's what happens when you work in the industry.  Anyways, I cleaned out my closet and came here and they literally took 1 pair of jeans out of maybe 40-50 items.  I mostly brought in some old work clothes from Banana Republic and just some odds and ends that no longer fit.  This place is solely for indy/punky/trendy, which they do make quite clear so they are what they say they are which is good.  Makes me kind of wonder how many people buy and sell back the same items though...
It's pricey, but you're investing in quality products and garments. I've been here twice while in Phoenix, and have ordered some products online. They carry great names, and have some solid styles. Most importantly, the guys working there are sincere and patient. You're never pressured to purchase, but you're likely to walk out with something.
If you are looking for a quiet place to enjoy a romantic meal, this is a great place. This is not a kid-friendly place to eat , nor a place you want to bring a loud friend, as everyone in the room will be involved in the conversation. (We all have one of those loud friends - you know what I'm talking about!)\n\nI love the attentive personal service - the owner was our server, and he was so nice! I gave it three stars because most of the food sounded better on the menu than it tasted,  but the cozy environment makes up for that a bit. If I were going to just sit there and not eat, I would have given the place four stars.\n\nI was one of the friends that had lunch with Camille H. She covered the food well, so just read thru her review for food details.
Unique food, great atmosphere, pricey but worth a trip for special occasions.
Shrimp Tacos Morongos.  There may be no better shrimp taco on this side of the border.
THANK YOU TOY BOX!!\nI took my car to the Toy Box to have them take a second look at $800 worth of work - strut replacement - that another valley mechanic had quoted me.  Turns out there was nothing wrong with my struts and they saved me $800!!  Their honesty and integrity will be remembered and they have gained a customer for life!  Thanks again Phill and crew...you guys are the best!!
when you walk in its old school which is cool and the outside is cool but the food was medioca just a bit i would not give the a second shot now a different location maybe...
Decent for the money, but not spectacular. Wings were overcooked and dry. \n\nThe western bacon burger was decent. Bread was good.
The wings here are amazing. Other menu items like onion rings or fried mushrooms... not so amazing. This place has character. You feel like you need a tetanus shot after you leave. The staff are friendly and most likely prison parolees. Get your order to go and you'll be happy. There be strange people that frequent this place.
Why hadn't I thought of Smart & Final before when we've hosted parties?\n\nThey sell in quantities large enough to handle a good sized crowd without going overboard.\n\nThe layout is simple and clean. It was organized the day I went in, and the staff are quite pleasant. I'll have to keep this place in mind for our next party and Thanksgiving, and New Years. And Valentine's Day. Oh, and don't forget about Earth Day!
3.5. It was very quiet when we went, no dancers or band. The food and service were great- the one exception being the salad. It had too much dressing. The feta was delish- very subtle. \nI had the moussaka- it was very tasty! Decent portions size, along with potatoes and vegetables. They are not stingy with the bread either, which is a rarity. My companion had the chicken with lemon and artichoke, it was good, but I preferred my moussaka.\nWould I go back? Absolutely. But next time, Id like to see the dancers!
Super cool, cookie/cake.chocolate maker haven!  :)  Totally worth the 40 minute drive I had - it was packed when I got there and I did not experience one little bit of rudeness.  I arrived with my 5yo and after cruising the aisles for a bit an employee came by to see if I needed help finding anything.  Super neat place!  :)
FINALLY! Moving out from Biltmore apartments after the WORST customer service from office staff and maintenance. I still have a gapping hole in my ceiling after the staff tried to spackle over the wet hole several times! The apartment smells of mildew, I see mold growing on the frame of the closet where they replaced the carpet but didn't fix the leak. Several of my neighbors have had leaks as well as a lot of downstairs apartments are vacant and windows fogged up from water problems. The hole has gotten worse the last few weeks because they turn off the AC chiller not real AC to migrate to heat... While the weather in AZ is still high 70s the mild has gotten worse and the hole bigger because of stagnant air. I turned in. Vacate notice with my complaints and still have yet to hear from the office to alleviate my situation. Horrible place do not rent!!
My usual stylist Marina and my backup Suzie weren't there when I came in so I took a chance on Diem-Thuy (aka Christina). I didn't have to worry, she did a GREAT job! She knew exactly how to cut my hair and she was so nice and professional. So, if Marina is your usual stylist and she isn't there don't be afraid to try Christina!
It's not the easiest place to find your way around but Robert was EXtremely helpful!! my experience a little more pleasant.
We had a problem with the way a poster was mounted for framing at another Michael's location and took it to the nearest location to us on East Camelback. We spoke with Shane , the manager of the framing section. He was very polite and helpful. He had us leave the framed print for remounting and personally handled the work the next day at no charge. We couldn't be happier with the quality of the work and the way in which we were treated.
I went here tonight after hearing good things about the place. I was very disappointed. The food servings were large but the food itself was not very good. The Chicken Fried Steak had no real taste at all. It was just bland. The pork chops were good but not great. Salad just a salad and the bread was cold. I do not think I will be going back after spending $46 dollars for so-so food. Very disappointing.
THey have the best chicken fried steak that I have ever had!!! There daily specials are amazing as well!!
Maybe I should have got the chicken fried steak.  Because that steak I had was something else.  There was so much grease piled on top of my t-bone that I'm pretty sure I'm a likely candidate for the world's youngest triple bypass patient.  I'll admit, sometimes grease makes for good grubbin'.  But not this time.\n\nI went on a Saturday night and there was a little bit of a wait. But our server was plenty kind.  She completely forgot our order of fried okra, but I wasn't feeling too upset about it.
Best chicken fried steak bar none in Phoenix.  I come here only for that but the fresh lemonade rocks here too.  The atmosphere is VERY casual and VERY country.  I cant stand country music but its worth it for this place.  It is also a pretty inexpensive place for a good steak if you are looking.  Service is always good, parking is what really sucks here but if you go when there is not a big rush you will be okay.
The filet here is awesome at only $22 (with fries, a salad, and biscuits and bread). Additionally, there is great Texas stuff all over the walls, with a definite focus on the Big Bend (Marfa, Terlingua, etc.) and Gulf Coast regions. Good weeknight specials, but I have not tried weekend brunch yet. I've been here about 3 times. It's a real chicken fried steak kind of place, so don't bring a woman here unless she's into that kind of thing.
When I first got my puppy she was matted and had a string tied around her tail (whoever had her before had tried to crop it at home, I rescued her). Crystal has taken extra special care of my little girl from day one! My dog loves going to her, she gets so excited to see her. My pup always looks adorable when she comes back home! I always get very detailed report cards from Crystal, which means she's paying attention to my pup's needs. I discuss what's going on with my dog before the groom and Crystal makes awesome suggestions regarding whatever needs my dog has (i.e.. more conditioning in the winter, shorter cut in the summer, even which type of glucose she suggests). I send all my friends with animals to her, and now I'm doing the same with you! Hope your pets are happy and shiny!
We stopping in on Friday about 5:00 just to check it out. Harveys is a neighborhood dive. It felt like Cheers when we walked in. People at the bar (customers) said Hi and the waitress was right to us with menus and very friendly. OK, don't expect much in decor. The tables are sticky, like when the varnish is sticky and you can never get it clean enough to not be sticky. We had drinks very nice martinis. The bartender is a pro. I had a BLT, thin sliced bacon, crispy and just the right amount and my partner had a burger, both were excellent. \nAs we left the bar crew all said bye as well as the staff. I liked the folks there.
I'm not a huge bar person, so walking into a dive bar on this side of town was scary.  Was I not with a big strong male, I would have likely not even bothered.  I got a wineburger, onion rings, and beer.  The service was incredibly friendly and the conversation at the bar was entertaining.  The burger was incredibly flavorful although sort of greasy and the beer and onion rings were average. I would totally go back here (with company) for burgers and the creepy yet surprisingly friendly and entertaining atmosphere.
I'm a thrift store junkie and this particular Goodwill location is just junkie. I've never really been impressed with the finds at this location and it has that stale grandma's dead cat smell when you walk in. That being said, they seem to have an OK selection of older furniture if you're looking for something to fix up or paint. \n\nYou should really go to the one on 20th St. & Indian School if you're in this area. They just built that one about a year and a half ago and it's clean and has great stuff.
Horrible customer service. I'm shocked how they employ people who have such limited vocabulary and no common sense. Horrible attitude from the front girl \"Lucille\". Showed no effort in helping or listening to anyone. I did see her chuckle away every time she glanced at her phone. I assume her texting or Facebook was much more important than injured people seeking help. The gentleman sitting next to me has a broken finger and he's been sitting here since 11am ( 7 hours ago ). I'm heading to another hospital and giving this gentleman a ride to get seen.
This place is decent. The prices are alright and the menu has a lot more than just sushi. The service has kind of depended on the time of day I have gone. The lunch service has always been pretty good, the dinner service was pretty slow. We waited 30-40 mins for our sushi order. They were pretty busy, but not THAT busy. It is a pretty small place so it can definitely be a little crowded, but it's a cute little place with good sushi.
We got take out from here during a spring break trip. Noodles, sushi, edamame, popcorn shrimp. All delicious. I ate the leftover noodles, cold, for breakfast, the next morning.
We usually go here for their Sunday happy hour. The sushi is good and I've had their bbq pork noodles which have a lot of flavor, but for the most part it's not very authentic. Something different was their sushi ice cream, that was pretty awesome, you cant really go wrong with rice crispy treats and ice cream! The service has been very hit or miss.
Ok, I'm updating my review. I come here far too often not to bump it up another notch. Plus, now I don't have to worry about someone calling me out when I stop by for my favorite chicken salad. Honestly, this is probably the best bang for your buck HH around. Who doesn't appreciate cheap and delicious food? Obviously, past Morgan didn't.
Ordered two bowls of noodle with the wife.  An hour after walking in the door, we still didn't have noodles.  \n\nThe waitress walked by 6 or seven times and was avoiding making eye contact.  Finally we had to leave to pick up our kids, not having eaten, not having had any sort of good service.  The waitress couldn't fathom why we would leave after having already been there about an hour.\n\nI have eaten here before and it has decent food but I won't be wasting anymore of my time here.  The complete lack of an attempt at service or even acknowledging the lack of it is inexcusable in a service industry with so many options.\n\nHana has better Sushi/Japanese and is very near by on 7th ave.
love love moto fresh fish cool atmosphere must try this hip mod place.  The noodles are out of this world and the sushi is the best in this part of town. Be prepared for a long wait this place is popular.
This Starbucks is a bigger place than the ones I normally go to.  And everyone there has a laptop, ipad, or holding something electronic.  I felt the need to take out my cell phone and hold it.  he he he...  Everyone (customers and employees) are friendly.  They got the order spot on.  \n\nWhen we were leaving there was a GOOD dog sitting by the door with his leash not tied to anything just waiting for his owner.  Awwwwww....
I have been to a lot of Starbucks and I thought this Starbucks was really clean and it was pretty big inside too.  This year I got a free drink for my birthday.  I was pretty excited about it, because Starbucks is one of my favorite places to go for coffee.  So, when I went up to order my Chocolate Cookie Crumble Frappuccino.  The cashier was really friendly and wrote Happy 30th Birthday Amy on my cup.
I didn't get ANY service at the Indian Bend store. And I do have to complain that in the past the totally fake \"Welcome to Ulta!\" got on my nerves. Wasn't comfortable in Tempe Marketplace store either. Made a trip to the Camelback store. Only waited a minute for ROCHELLE to help me. Awesome! Personable, professional, enthusiastic, knew her stuff! Bought everything she recommended. WOW. What a difference she made. Worth the drive anytime.
Wow...I can't believe the rave reviews this joint gets!!! I am FAR from impressed...Hot giardenara? Is that what they called those pickled jalapenos they put on their sandwich?! NO WAY If you want authentic Italian Beef catch a flight to ORD and go to Portillo's or Gene and Jude's...\nThis place is sub-par at best! If you're looking for something remotely close to Chicago Italian Beef in Arizona, go to Tom's BBQ or Lobby's on Southern and McClintock...This place doesn't live up to the hype!  Don't waste your time! People who love it must not be from Chicago...
Meat has decreased in quality over last couple of years. Lukes, step up your game.
I've lived in the neighborhood for a long time - and I've been to Luke's sporadically over the years. No good reason I don't go regularly - the food is always exactly what I expect and the prices are fair.\nI seem to stick with the Italian beef - but the menu also covers hot dogs, hamburgers, subs and Italian Sausage. (I will have to try sausage, peppers and onions with red sauce at some point - one of my ultimate comfort foods- to see if they're as good as Guido's in Scottsdale.)\nThe beef is juicy, shaved thin - and works perfectly with the giardinera and hoagie roll. \n\nFor those nights when I just need a mouthful of hot meat, Luke is my go-to guy! So happy I can satiate the craving right around the corner from home!
What a throw back to the 50's! Breakfast, lunch, and dinner always avail 24 hours a day. I like this place very much. The decor takes you back to the 50's with its table top jukeboxes.  The menu is large anything from breakfast to salads, burgers, and good chicken fried steak. You can also try one of their old fashion milk shakes. The service is always good never had a bad day here. They have whatever you want anytime of day you would like it. If you happen to be their in the morning ask for becky. She always singing a tune.
Not a very good place at all.  Be very careful of this place as they tack on all kinds of move-out charges.  They make you show a receipt that the apartment has been \"professionally cleaned\" when move out.  I had my neighbor clean the place as she did an exceptional job.  Because she is not a registered cleaning company, they charged me $130 for not having a registered company clean the apartment.  Also, make sure that you pay rent before the first of the month if it falls on a holiday.  They charged me $75 for not paying them on time because they were closed on the first of the month.  Because they decided to close on the first, they charged other tenants and I $75 for supposedly paying late.  Be very careful if you decide to live at this apartment complex.
I'm sure they can provide excellent service.  However, i had my breaks changed and it put me out $700.  I thought that was high for changing the breaks and smoothing the rotors. Apparently all the bolts weren't tightened up when they gave it back so i had to return back the next day so they could fix the wobbly wheel.\n\nMaybe that was a small oversight, but before going here you should definitely shop around.  I was quoted $1400 for a timing belt change so i decided to forgo the service and shop around and received excellent service for hundreds less. So if it's not a critical need, shop around and know the market rate.
Great service and prices. This is where I buy my water because its the cheapest in phoenix (even the Catalina). Fish are also healthy
I've gotten several very nice pedicures at DV.  The place isn't fancy but it's clean, the staff is friendly, and they offer good prices.
The New York Sirloin was cooked well, but it was pretty tough. The online menu said they had prime rib, which is why we came, but they don't even sell it. Our server Bryan was very good
Okay place.  Like the chips, salsa, and warm bean dip.  Food is mediocre.  Service okay to good.  I've been here a half a dozen times and think it's consistently okay.  I'm yet to find a mexican food restaurant I really like (for dinner, not a dive).
Went here several weeks ago. My one complaint is that it is TOO dark. The food was okay, nothing special. The staff was wonderful and very attentive.
It had been years since I had been to PCG; but my friends Rich & Corey said lets go there.  Decided to try brunch today.  I had the   Stacked Green Chile Chicken Enchiladas thought it might be like chilaquiles - but it was very delicious!!!  The price is very reasonable.  My friends both had Smoked Salmon Benedicts - they looked very yummy.  Also, really crave crab cakes; but haven't found a place to that serves them well. Might have to try them the next time.  A very good Sunday, will definately be back!!!
What a pleasant surprise.  I selected PCG for a business dinner this week and all of us were thrilled with the meal, atmosphere and service. I tried the plank salmon which was wonderful.  Two of us had meals that included the mashed potatoes with horseradish and agreed the flavor was excellent.  I admit that as I approached the strip center on 16th street I wondered if I had made a mistake, only to be rewarded by my guests with compliments for the choice. I will return.
The appetizers were very good. I enjoyed the much raved about \"Griddled Corn Cakes\" The queso was also unique and delicious.\n\nThe butter lettuce wedge salad was so delicious. They even chopped it for me to make it easier to eat.\n\nThe pork tenderloin was so tender and moist. I\"m not a huge fan of this dish in general, but they made me a fan.\n\nThey keep things interesting by having specials daily.\n\nThe servers seemed very novice. They did not remember drink orders, I found it unusual they would walk away then come right back and ask again what we said.\n\nWent on a Monday Night at 730pm. It was definitely still active at that time. I imagine weekends must be crazy.\n\nThe food and atmosphere was excellent, I was a little disappointed in the service. Otherwise would have given 4 stars.
I have always enjoyed dinner with friends at Phoenix City Grille. I had never tried Happy Hour there so a friend and I decided to give it a try. We sat for almost 10 minute at bar before we were asked if we'd like a drink. The Green Chile Queso Fundido was quite tasty. We intended to order a few other items but We had to pry the bartenders to return for refills and food that we decided to leave and continue Happy Hour elsewhere. Keep you posted on our return to PCG...
Loved.This.Place. Awesome candlelit ambience, spacious seating options, and friendly service.  Well-sorted menu with vegetarian and seafood options (yay me). Deschutes Brewery Porter. Affordable price point.
greeter which is basically security was the coolest dude there, they have hardly any wireless routers and when you ask somebody a question they are always in a hurry to get away from you to go on break i would not return to this location at all
I went here when I dropped my iPhone (tragedy...) and broke the speaker. I could hear my callers, but they couldn't hear me. I went in to Best Buy to see if I could just buy one of those cheap pay-as-you-go phones, because I had some urgent business calls to make, and had planned to be running around town all day. I looked around with a customer service rep, who was in fact friendly. But after some wasted time, we came to the conclusion that they had nothing to offer me.  In short, I have no problem with the customer service at this location. But I wish such a big chain would not forget to supply their stores with the simple/affordable options. This could be my old fashioned preference, but if I want to by a non-color screen flip phone, I'd hope I could find it at one of the biggest electronic stores in the nation.
Brought my Yorkie in and they did an amazing job! Making my next appointment now. They clipped his nails bathed and cut and even cleaned his ears. This was one of the best experiences I have had at a groomers and I highly recommend them!
This was the first groomer we tried out in the Phoenix area. They had good reviews on yelp and good prices so we gave them a try. I was not impressed and left really missing our groomer back in CA. I asked for my dog's tail to get special attention. She was given back to me with matts still in her tail and her face hadn't been cleaned thoroughly. Pretty disappointed will not be returning.
Pam & Nibblers saved me!  Last minute office luncheon and they were able to put together a great menu. Prompt service and set-up, with everything you need and/or can think of.  (try the grilled veggies, flank steak ...everything.!!)
Regi B. \n\nRegi  you placed a review on yelp stating bad customer service and you never had any business dealings with us. You had a car accident with one of our contractors and YOU did not have insurance, This is your 3rd accident without insurance and you still manage to maintain a legal drivers license( amazing). You then decide to take legal action against the person you hit. You are one of the reasons that the legal system is filled with frivolous lawsuits. Just another example of someone looking for something for nothing.
This Starbucks closes late so that's the upside it has a cool patio and the inside is nice just the one thing I have to complain about is the Internet it sucks but I you come here for anything else it's all good.
Have always enjoyed going here. Been going here for a few years.\n\nWent for a haircut today. Same great service. \n\nThey get you in and out in a hurry but I've never had a bad haircut here.\n\nLove the hot towel and shave of the nape of your neck at the end.\n\nIf you really want to pamper yourself sometime let them give you a straight razor shave. I've gotten them a few times and each time I've almost fallen asleep. Very relaxing.\n\nAnd like previous reviewers have noticed they are foreign but I've never had any problems getting across what I want.\n\nHighly recommended.
This might surprise you, but this place doesn't have servers. I was expecting a sit-down-and-order experience, but was wrong and I've talked to others who've thought the same thing (there are places to sit it's just more like a deli than a restaurant). Still, that shouldn't put you off...they make great sandwiches and on Mondays they have GREAT lunch specials!\n\nSometimes there is live music, which is real nice (especially if the performer is attractive and sometimes they are).\n\nWhen I go I usually order the Avacado Sandwich or the Briesciutto.
Went here for a friends birthday. They have a nice outside patio. That you can reserve. Great options for sandwiches & wine. I absolutely love these types of places where it's a deli but also a great little shop with crazy jams, sauces, teas & cookwares.
15 minutes to make an egg salad sandwich with only 4 orders ahead of me? When I open my bag, there is only half a sandwich? WTF? I go back and they acknowledge the mistake and proceed to make a half sandwich with and old piece of bread that was likely left over from lunch 5 hours prior.\n\nThere are too many places in this area to mess up that bad on a simple sandwich order to go back and try it again.
Fish was good, atmosphere stunk, service was incredibly slow, and it seemed like a cross between red lobster and chilis.\n\nAlthough my food was good it took about 15 minutes to order my appetizers while eating at the bar which was almost empty.  Then he completely forgot to let me order an entree.  Meanwhile it took 45 minutes to get my appetizer.  The entree came pretty promptly thereafter though.  \n\nOverall it is good fish and it is very cheap but not sure it is worth it.
I've been back here a couple of times and...it's leaving a bit to be desired. They never seem to have my size in the sports bras I want, and the past two times I've been there no employee has offered to help me (yes, I can ask but...if it's your business...then...). \n\nI think I'm gonna hunt around for another place to get my gear.
The outside is a blah building, & the few windows have the blinds drawn.  Once you enter, though, you see a very pleasant, somewhat \"upscale\" mid-sized restaurant that is quiet, a little dark, & almost full of people at lunchtime (as it should be!).\n\nWhen I entered, a friendly host greeted me, & seated me in a totally comfortable booth.  Right away, my drink appeared, along with a basket of tasty naan bread.\n\nThere was salad, about 10 hot dishes, & a couple of dessert items on hand.  All the food was labeled, & all of it was delicious.  My whole experience at Flavors of India was excellent!  Weekday lunch buffet:  $9.23
Flavors of India serves up a decent lunch buffet.  I've been there a couple of times though and it seems some days, the food is better than others.  Also, I wish they offered a bit more selection.  I've teetering between a 3 and 4 star but because of the reasonable price and friendly service, I'm bumping up to a 4 star.  I'll have to go again to make a final decision. \n\nSee ya there!
The all-you-can-eat buffet is the best value in town! I just love the onion bhagis and potato pakoras. I believe there are always at least 2 chicken dishes and a tandoori chicken, the standout was the chicken keema aloo. I'm not a big fan of okra, but what they did with it and onions was very nice and subtle. They also had a squash dish that had nice, firm pieces of yellow squash in a wonderful sauce. This was also the first time I tried their dessert; it was gulab something: perfectly round balls of fried deliciousness in a hot, syrupy goodness. I could just have these for breakfast like pancakes! I didn't even get a chance to try their condiment bar. Trust me, you will leave very full.
Food was ok. Service was poor. Saw a roach near our table. Not my choice for a lunch companion!
Did not get too far into the BS. Was on hold for more than 45 mins to make an appointment. Just want to remind you all that this is a \"For-Profit\" organization. Treat them like you would any business that serves you. They do NOT have any special product or service that warrants such crappy service.
Love the family atmosphere, very welcoming & friendly, excellent service & beautiful quality jewelry!
My wife and I had a great experience at Burland. Trish helped us and made it a great experience.
Employees are friendly and helpful since this was my first time here. However, I'm writing this review as I'm so bored after waiting for over an hour for my car to be washed and serviced. I will finish this when I get my car back!\n\nSo I just ended up going inside to check on my car, and it has been done for who knows how long. The guy who originally took my car said he would call me when it was done. Obviously that didn't happen since my car was finished and I was waiting for nothing. I read the other reviews while I waited, an they weren't very good. Hmm...I'm not swearing this place off some I live down the street, but I will definitely be more prepared. Remember: watch for your car, don't get huddled to fix scratches on your car, go on Tues, Wed, Thur for an oil change---you get a free wash.
I frequented this establishment years ago, however the quality began to lapse so I moved on. I picked up a groupon a few weeks ago to give them another try.  Well even at the discount it was not worth it.  The service is still lackluster, the quality of the work leaves much to be desired.  I won't be coming back anytime soon.
I'm so over this place.  Without fail, it is an unpleasant experience.  The upselling is obnoxious and they a half-assed job.
If I could give them a lower score I would. Horrible decline in quality of service. Very low morale of employees leading to poor service. Used to be great and I would go there before any other car wash or other service.
What the heck happened here?  I have used this car wash for years and have, for the most part,  been happy with the service.   Today I visited and it was the WORST!  Although there was next to nobody there, I did not get checked in, however when someone pulled in behind me, they got served right away.  I had to get out of my car in order to get someone's attention.   When I walked into the store I was hit in the face with the overpowering smell of Pinesol.  Seriously, you can't clean BEFORE you open?  The car wash was mediocre at best.   Usually the place is packed on a Sunday.   Now I know why it's a ghost town.
People are very rude! I was told for an extra $100 when can buff out all the scratches and it would look like a new paint job...no wonder this place has a bad rep!!! I had to give it a rating
I went to Rochelle's Salon once before and hated the girl who did my hair. After about a year later, I slowly got the courage to give Rochelle's Salon another chance, but only for a blow dry and style. We kept dating like this for a while. They referred me to Abel who did a great job and eventually, the relationship progressed and I now trust him to cut my hair and color it. I love Rochelle's and am now a loyal girlfriend. Abel is great, creative, easy-going, and very accommodating as most my appointments are last minute. In addition, he's great at giving dating advice-NOT, but it's hilarious to hear his escapades being a straight hairstylist. Scandelous. Liz at the front desk has a great memory, too!
Jason B. and I decided to try this place on Saturday night. I looked at the menu online and though the food sounded really interesting.\n\nWe started with the Artichoke Croquettes, and the Calamari as well. We were disappointed in the Artichoke Croquettes, you get 4 half Artichokes fried with alternating Marinara and this white sauce. The only thing that was good about this dish was the white sauce, which we used to dip the Calamari in. The Calamari was your average calamari, nothing special! \n\nI ordered a the 19th Street Burger, which was cooked perfectly and came with a spicy sauce, not sure if the sauce was for the Onion Rings, but it was great of the Burger.\n\nNot sure I will be rushing back to the Armadillo Grill, but I wouldn't say no to going back again!
Was recommended tp me to try by a co-worker.  Had a \"eh\" experience.\n\nAn \"eh\" experience is what you say when recommending the establishment to someone else.  And that sums up my experience.\n\nService had a rocky start...my friend started a tab before I got there and I sat for 15 min waiting for a server before I went to the bar.  Five minutes later a different server came over and had taken over our tab.  So problem solved.\n\nWe had a couple of the 1/2 price apps.  They were good - calamari and potato skins.  Pretty standard stuff.  \n\nOverall, I'll go back for some HH specials but I'm not going to be the one suggesting it to people.  I'll stay up by 16th and Bethany Home instead.
Definitely a cool spot, with a great downstairs bar. The decor upstairs is unique too. Serving Richardson's menu in the meantime, but something is missing when compared to Richardson's. I can't put my finger on it, but I don't get the same feeling. Worth visiting for sure.
I love the food and it is usually excellent service. I always visit the downstairs cellar bar. It has a hip rustic feel and pretty good tunes on the ipod. One of my faves
Wow!  This place is good.  My first time in Phoenix and if I ever get back I'll be sure to dine here.  So should you.  Prego.  (You're welcome.)
My go to place has been slipping a little.  The last couple of times I've come the food is either over cooked or under cooked.  The brie & tenderloin toast was over cooked the last 2 times to where the toast was burnt and still served and the bacon on the bacon wrapped shrimp was on the raw side. \n\nThe service is still very good and the patio is awesome when the weather is nice.  They also have the best reverse happy hour which starts at 10 PM and I believe and goes til 1 AM.
M'fn delicious !!! Amazing bartenders and servers... Great environment and the food is beyond delicious!!!
Please tell your servers to be more responsive to their customers.  Don't sell so hard -pushy waiter that interrupts conversations. Offer a cocktail once, not 3 times,  and bring water. Don't visit the table 15 times during one meal, it is rude. Be a professional!. Our party was interrupted continuously by the chatty waiter. Not offered a wine list or bread, nor dessert or coffee. Although the cuisine was mostly delicious, he ruined it for everybody. Will not go back.
Pizza was ok.. I ordered Vinnies, which is your choice of 5 toppings.  Italian sausage, black olives, onions, garlic and basil.  It wasn't bad - but it wasn't great either.  \n\nThe server was exceptionally friendly and helpful - but the service was the high point of the experience.
This is a nice little pizza place, one that I can see myself coming back to. I recently ordered the small Brooklyn pizza with some cheesy garlic knots. The crust was cooked nicely, with some tasty pepperoni, sausage and basil. The cheese on the knots didn't really stick well, but it was all pretty good as well.
Been to other locations and had wonderful experience there. So I figured I would go here but it was a bad experience way to demanding for me to order as soon as we sat down so we got up and left.
Food is good for the most part. The employees could care less if your there however. Stood at the door watching the host and waitress flirt near the bar. Finally gave up and sat ourselves. Still no attention from a server so my wife walked to the counter to order. That finally got someones attention! We got some sodas and ordered our food but to our disappointment multiple people came in, ordered after waiting to be seated and got their food before us. I guess if you seat yourself and put your own order in they no longer consider you a good customer or something because it sure felt like no body cared about our experience. Only way we got a drink refill was to flag down the waitress.  Bad experience service wise but its what we have grown accustomed to at this location. Take my advice and just order delivery.
I think this is the only Big Lots I've been to in PHX -- and I've only been here twice. It's fairly ghetto, and right next to a sketchy Goodwill. \n\nI didn't see it being dirty per se, but I did find it having a bunch of \"lower quality\" items -- especially in their electronics area, which is to be expected. \n\nThey did have some outdoor patio furniture, that seemed reasonably priced. I never thought of Big Lots for patio furniture..., but still wouldn't buy that here.
Service and food was excellent!! Red sauce is to die  for! Pregnant girl's dream!! Steve was an awesome Server. Order the risotto balls!
First impression: Not great. We had menu shock when we saw the dinner prices. Dinner for 2 here, will run you around $50 or more. For prices in that range with this atmosphere, it's appalling that they serve drinks in plastic party cups, and soda comes in a can.... No refills. Seriously. The food... Meh. I've had better for half the price... Actually a third of the price. Just because they were featured on food network, doesn't mean it's worth going to. In fact... Restaurants PAY THOUSANDS to shows like DD&D just to be featured.
What a wonderful experience! We actually were told about this local gem by a waiter at another restaurant. Then we found out that they had also been featured on one of my favorite shows, Diners and Drive Ins so I figured if it got raves from Guy I couldn't pass up a chance to visit too. From the first friendly hello when you enter the door you are treated as if you are an old friend even if  you're a first time visitor like I was.\n  The food is amazing. Homemade pasta is so yummy. Be advised, portions are very generous-so share or be prepared to take home leftovers, which is not a bad thing. Everything from appetizers to deserts can be shared and you will still leave feeling very satisfied and very happy that you have been to Giuseppe's on 28th.
Went here for an outing with six other friends. I do not recommend this since the place is small and quaint, however, we were very lucky and scored tables pushed together right away.\n\nThe garlic bread was deliciously heavy on the garlic and butter. Despite being drenched, it's texture was surprisingly still crisp on the outside and soft in the inside. (You order by the basket for $4, otherwise, you get regular bread which is meh).\n\nThe baked ziti was perfect. The penne pasta was perfectly cooked. The ricotta cheese was nicely proportionally mixed in with the pasta and sauce. Its a simple dish, yet satisfying.\n\nThe tiramisu was also mouthwateringly delicious. Its consistency was very mousse-like  making it basically melt in your mouth after every bite.
Boo!  This bar does not have anything going for it.  The place is tiny, and the karaoke painful.  On a Saturday night, only one other party was present with my group of 10.  Yet, the two bartenders on duty still found it difficult to make sure everyone's needs were tended to.  The location is very hard to find as well; I wouldn't have made it without additional directions from a friend.   When I finally did arrive after my 45 minute drive at 10:00p.m., I found out that the kitchen was already closed.  Weak.  I will not return.  Oh!  Did I mention that I was charged for the soda I ordered at the bar?  Generally the soda is free of charge at most establishments, when you are with a group of drinkers.
OK. I can't believe I've kept this secret for so long. I can't believe I'm about to walk out of yet another closet. But if I can help just one person...Yes. I crave. On occassion. Ok, like weekly. Filiberto's carnitas tacos. That's all I've ever had from here. Always drive thru. God forbid any of my foodie friends from yelp or chowhound see me. Two perfect little corn tortillas, filled with tender and juicy pork with a few crispy edges, cilantro and pico de gallo. Ole. I eat them in my car. With a measure of guilt and shame. But it just it makes it more exhilirating. And tastey. Ahhhh...a weight has been lifted!
I truly enjoyed the meal i had there.  I went in for lunch and it was delicious, i had the Manila Clams to start, and the Fettuccine w/ Shrimp and Bay Scallops.  The Tilapia was also nicely done also.  Over all the service was great and i had a great time.  really want to try some more dishes.  Until next time!
This place rocks.  Super friendly.  Not just fake friendly; really.  I am sitting here in the lobby working and one of the hotel staff came up and offered me cookies.   The place is clean; the meals are nice; it feels safe;  nice business center to print and fax documents; good fitness center and cut-rate daily passes to LA Fitness next door; very convenient; good laundry machines.   Even our kitty cat likes it.  Being out of your house because it is flooded and needs repair is no fun, but this places has made life much better.
I live nearby  and have driven past this place many times. Today my wife called me and asked that I bring her lunch. Needless to say, we were not disappointed by these gyros. Savory meat piled high with the right amount of sauce atop a a fresh pita was a great lunch.
I love me some Merc Bar, it's tres chic from it's comfy couches to it's awesome staff.  The drinks are indeed pricey but they pack a punch so it really all evens out in the end. How can you not love a bar that's got a twin in NYC and lets you dance on the tables?!
I haven't been here in over a year since I lived in the biltmore.\n\nI loved this place.  Great looking women and not as pretentious as scottsdale, pretty low key yet classy. Ran into Amare one night too.\n7$ for a large glass of stolli vanil on the rocks. cant complain about that.
Trendy, dark, crowded.\nWhen I think of Merc Bar, I think \"ehhh\"\n\nIt's not bad, just not great enough for me to remember it or frequent it on a regular basis.  \n\nThe drinks are spendy, but tasty.\nThe sausage and cheese plate is good, but not memorable.\n\nEhh.
I like Merc for the dark, sexy, loungy atmosphere. I think its perfect for small groups to share a cheese platter and a bottle of Champagne. And when the music is hot....its hot! \n\nDisclaimer if you've never been: it's situated across the corridor from Houstons (Camelback)  and I think the sign above the door merely says \"Bar\" or \"Lounge\". \n\nEnjoy!
This place is hidden, and hard to find for someone whose not familiar with the area.  Great people, great martinis and great customers.  My favorite bar in town.  The people who work there have been around for a while.  They know you by your name and they feel comfortable to shake your hand or give you a hag......  Sofia Lauren Martini and some oldies are one of my favorite drinks at Merc.  They have another one in NY which i have been there but i prefer the one in Phx.
This place was actually pretty hard to find as there are not signs outside the building. I would recommend using the valet  as the parking behind the building ends up being a lot more expensive.  \nWhen we got there the place was pretty full, therefore, the service was not the best. Our waitress took about 30 minutes to come around and get out order so our experience was not the best. \nThere was also a DJ spinning all night long, mostly R&B and hip hop, but there were all today's hits. The place has a small dancing floor, but to be honest most of the people were not even dancing. Not a bad atmosphere but not the best bar/lounge either.
I don't know what happened to this place!  They once had great bartenders that knew how to make some amazing cocktails, not to mention they could handle a full bar in stride....I went there last week and this place is just awful now in comparison.  I am sorry Merc, your service was poor and slow, with a kind of haughty, supercilious demeanor.  Not sure I will be back.
CPK. Creative. Pizzas. Kinda.\nWhen I think of the early 90s. I think of CPK. Of course I also think of Joey Lawrence on Blossom. But who doesn't, really? And new Coke. And we all know how that worked out. But CPK was innovative at the time. California cooking was all the rage thanks to Mr. Puck. The BBQ Chicken Pizza won over droves of pizza fans. Quickly, the Thai pizza caught on and CPK became quickly initialized in American culture like KFC, PTA and FYI. This location serves up the fare like all the others. Not much panache but dependable. Much like the Chevrolet Malibu. Could they use a bit of a makeover? Sure. But the Price Is Right set got one and no one's loving that. So why bother.
Much better than the frozen variety.  Sort of better than the quick serve shop in the Fashion Mall in Vegas- from what I remember.  This place was just as I was expecting: way crowded at lunch time, over-priced pizza and drinks, and so-so service.\n\nThe pizza I had with wheat crust that included eggplant, roasted red peppers, and goat cheese was pretty tasty.  I guess if you consider that I had a second meal out of the pizza, the price wasn't too bad.
Not my \"cup of tea\" -- too Yuppie for me!  Atmosphere way too \"sanitized\", and servers have little or no personality.  The food is fair but not worth the price IMHO!  What ever happened to pasta or pizza with RED sauce?  Seems they have every color and concoction known to man except red (well maybe one or two)- being of Italian descent I need red!!  I ordered from  the \"Small Bits Menu\" because I wanted a light lunch - believe me - it definitely was \"Small Bits\",  good thing they gave out bread because I needed a second helping of that just to let me know that I ate something!  My suggestion is to order from the dinner menu if you want a full meal - of course most folks are much more sophisticated than this old country boy and can figure out what most of the fancy California stuff is on the menu - sorry!
Keep trying to unsubscribe from their mailing list, though today they sent me 7 SPAM emails.  \n\nStop it! \n\nThey also have a link to review their spa's on Yelp on the e-mail - though it just goes to the Yelp homepage. \n\nThey obviously don't care much about their customers.  \n\nIt was so long ago I was there I can't remember the service.
Had eyebrows done and esthetician ripped my skin off in two places. I called and spoke to the manager Casey and she was rude and blamed me for it. I explained I have had this done a number of times and never had any issues. She asked that I come back in and I was seen by a different esthetician. I saw the new esthetician who was extremely professional and relieved the pain I was feeling in my eyebrow. She apologized and explained to me how this could have happened. When we finished she thanked me and apologized once again. When I was leaving, we saw the manager Casey and the esthetician explained to her what happened. The manager never apologized or thanked me for my business. This woman should not be managing a spa of this caliber. I don't plan on going back there again.
Went in to look at a matching wedding band for my Tacori engagement ring.  The man that helped us was nice while we were in the store and was going to reach out to Tacori regarding a few questions we had.  He honestly wasnt overly knowledgeable about the brand, which was fine since he was willing to contact Tacori directly.  We never heard from him so we bought the Tacori wedding ring elsewhere.  I don't know why he didn't call us...I can't imagine him thinking we were not serious given I already have a Tacori engagement ring with a diamond that is well over 2 carats.  Oh well.  Their loss.\n\nOn another note, I've had my ring cleaned in their store and the designer specifically says that their rings are NEVER to be placed in Sonicare.  When I mentioned this to the sales person he had no idea.  So much for authorized retailer.
This is a good place to do a lot of laundry in a short amount of time. It is probably five stars during the slowest hours. I wouldn't recommend coming on the weekends.  The laundry carts are hard to get and parking can be limited. They do have change machines that work well.
Probably the worst tasting stuffed cabbage I've ever had.  It was sickeningly sweet (tasted sweeter than my soda!), and there were raisins in the tomato sauce which probably added to the sweetness.  The ground meat on the inside on the other hand, was very bland.  I thought when you had something as a \"special\", such as the Friday stuffed cabbage, that meant it was supposed to be really good?  The overwhelming sweetness of the sauce made it very hard to eat.\n\nThe only redeeming factor in the meal was when I tried some of the Straw sandwich (pastrami, sauerkraut, swiss), which was decent, nothing spectacular, but a whole lot better than the stuffed cabbage.  At other delis I've been to, you can get a whole lot more meat, and more flavor for about the same price, so I will probably be skipping any future visits to this deli.
Pleasantly surprised...thought this was just another delicatessen, but this place had a really extensive menu offering something for everyone.  I just stopped in for a snack, but would like to go back and eat a full meal.
Not sure how I have missed this place as I live 5 minutes away but stopped in today for the first time for lunch.  The restaurant is very clean and like many others have said it is cafeteria style.  You step up to the counter and they prepare you food to order.  They have a great number of different sandwiches, salads, soups and deserts to choose from.  I ordered the \"New Yorker\" Piled high with Hot Pastrami topped with homemade Cole slaw and Miracle Mile Dressing $9.79.  Sandwiches come with your choice of sides and a pickle. I cannot remember ever having better Pastrami.  Service was friendly as expected.  I will probably go back tomorrow.  :-)
When I went in with my daughter we ordered vegetarian sandwiches and they were pretty awful.  I know they have great deli meats and such.  I complained, and they not only sent a gift card, they actually solved the problem!  I love that.  Now they have some decent vegetarian items.   When I just get a gift certificate from some corporate PR flak,  I don't even want it sometimes because they don't even address the issue.    Miracle Mile did though.  Thank you!  You get five stars.
Why does everyone hate chains? They are chains because their food is tasty and their menu works. I'm sorry if it's not owned by vagrant bohemians. I'm one of the masses!\n\nMy friend, who shall remain nameless for obvious reasons, works here and she makes fun of me for wanting to eat there. She makes fun of me for thinking it tastes good. \n\nEverything I've ever had there is very good. Avacodo eggrolls make me smile. \n\nHepatitis schmepitiis...
Chapter 1 - Appetizers, point is; I don't need an encyclopedia of the world's cuisine on one menu.  I'm hungry and tell me what you serve and are your signature dish - that's all I want.  As you can see I'm not a big fan of restaurants with more on their menu than the number of mistresses of Tiger Woods (Ouch! Sorry Tiger you left yourself open for that one!).  Regardless, I always appreciate the service at the Factory.  Food-wise, I'm generally lost after chapter 2 - Side Salad or Soup?  I just close my eyes and choose and sometimes I win and sometimes, well better luck!  The ambience of the Factory is always pleasing - loud and dark almost like a rollercoaster in Space Mountain except I'm not screaming my head off - Enjoy!
My experience tonight fell very short from my normal experiences at Cheesecake Factory. This was my first time coming to this particular location to celebrate Valentine's Day with my boyfriend.  It was a very busy night which was expected and the staff handled the wait time exceptionally. Our waiter was very prompt and extremely tentative. My issue with the restaurant is with the way they handled a food health issue. We ordered the flat bread pizza as an appetizer but as we began to eat it we found plastic melted underneath the cheese. When we brought up the issue we were apologized to and explained that the flat bread comes wrapped in plastic. We still paid for this item on our ticket even though it was clearly a mistake the kitchen made.
not impressed. My salad was $17 for lunch!! and also NOT WORTH IT. Very pricey for what you get.
The front desk girl a few different times wasn't friendly at all.  The food is good but portions are small.  If it weren't for the hostess that never smiles I would rate more stars.  Hostess should be welcoming , accommodating and friendly.  For they are the first person you see when you enter.    Great fried zucchini though !!
FYI. Chili's still sucks.
Went to the one near cave creek. I had the bacon chicken fajitas. I GOT FOOD POISONING !! BE CAREFULLLLLL :/ I have always been coming here, but for now I'll be taking a break from here !!
Disappointed. Suzie was very rushed. About 10 minutes into my appointment another girl walked in for her appointment. Suzie sent her to go get her feet done in the meanwhile. This is the worst my nails have looked
I decided to try this place when the nail salon that I usually go to was full and I'm so glad I did .Susie the owner greeted me right away she's very professional and hilarious  the salon is very cleanand not super Busy I definitely will come back here next time that I need a pedicure  thank you Susie :)
Overpriced and dirty.  Had lunch here with my wife and service was ok but salad they served was stale and moldy.  Ordered a raisin croissant, looked and tasted like it was about 4 days old which surprised us they would serve and charge for that.  Probably won't go back since there are better options in the area, scratch, chez vous, ect.
This is MY store. Not yours, or your neighbors, or her mom's, but MINE. \n\nI love shopping at Trader Joe's. They carry plenty of bagged meals for two people that you can just heat up and eat. They aren't full of awful chemicals like at the grocery store, either. The people who work here are very friendly, and I don't get stressed out shopping here like I do at Safeway or Fry's, plus most things are cheaper. They seem to constantly run out of the Thai Chicken Noodle Salad though... not sure why they don't order more. Every time they get it in, people buy 5 or 6 boxes of it.
Stopped in for some emergency supplies. (Emergency as in there was only butter in my fridge and I had one roll of toilet paper.) The employees were lovely as always, colorful, fresh fruit and vegetables greeted me and I scored in the free coffee & food that was available to sample. Trader Joe's never fails to delight and, of course, I purchased more beer and wine that is humanly necessary. Trader Joe's doesn't need a review. Of course a visit here is wonderful. This is a definite favorite of mine!
Amazing food and excellent service. LOVED the porcini rubbed delmonico.
I have always had a great meal here.
We went to the location on Scottsdale Road last night. My husband went to one in Minneapolis a week ago and raved about how good it was and he wanted to take me to the one here. We were very disappointed in our appetizer and meal. We ordered the scallops entree for our appetizer and they were sandy. Our steaks were just okay and the crab I had on my Filet Oscar was very strong. I am hoping it didn't come out of a can. Our side was creamed spinach but it should have been called garlic spinach because they put a whole bulb of garlic in it. I LOVE spinach and I couldn't eat it. \nI had high hopes of a long over due date night with a delicious meal but we were let down. We won't be giving this restaurant another try; too many mistakes for the price.
The room was comfortable, the wait staff was friendly and attentive. However for the price the food was just ok. It was our anniversary so we expected some little treat with a candle at the end but what they brought was a plate of pink cotton candy. Holly tooth decay Batman!
I really can't comment on the \"value\" because my company picked up the tab, but I can say that the service they gave us was great and the food was good. I had their 16 oz steak and their cheesecake/sweet potato crust (both delicious!). Would be open to come back again.
People seem to really like Sam's, though I am not quite sure why.  I think it is average.  Not great, not bad, just middle of the road food with a Southwestern twist.  Kind of like the Cheesecake Factory.  The food tastes good, but anything meal tastes good if it is loaded with fat.
I had a massage here and LOVED IT!  Caite gave me one of the best massages of my life!  I can't wait to go back and see here again!\n\nThe reason I gave this place 4/5 is for the decor/set up.  They advertise themselves as a spa but the decor makes you feel like you are in a Fantastic Sam's or  Super Cut (things for sale up front, mostly hair stations, very small bathroom, very small rooms for spa services.  \n\nI do plan on returning but only to get massages!
I loved the free wi-fi...but the coffee was just ok.  Wish that they would switch to a different brand of soy milk since the Silk soy has a pretty strong flavor profile.
Nothing like an Iced Almond milk Extra Dirty Chai to get this day started!!!!  A must try here.....
This is a restaurant I go to because I am hungry, want good, healthy food, pleasant service and I try something new almost every time. May, the nice young lady who always has a smile and great suggestion is a 5 Star server. It's also a good idea to order some fried chicken to go once you finish your meal.
This is the best Cajun resturant in Arizona. I've lived in Louisiana before and this is as close as it gets for AZ. I had the crawfish ettouffe and its was awesome and the most authentic I've had since living in Louisiana. My wife had the sampler and she loved it. The atmosphere is great. The live music added to the experience. It was kinda loud though. The waitress was kind of wierd. I would recommend this to anyone looking for some good  cajun food. It is on the pricey side but its worth it.
I've been to Baby Kay's a couple of times and have sampled the catfish, gumbo and red beans and rice. The catfish basket and gumbo were so so while the red beans and rice took the gold. I think Baby Kay's needs some work on their lunch menu. I personally think that $50 for lunch for three people that didn't order any alcohol is a pretty steep price to pay for medicore food. I'm not too excited to make a third trip to Baby Kay's.
Because we are so far removed from the French Quarter my stomach rarely directs me to Cajun. Let's be honest there are few options in this town.  So this becomes the default spot to scratch the gumbo itch.  \nAbove average food, better service, higher than expected prices.
My boyfriend and I are both from Louisiana so we were excited to try Baby Kay's. We both had the Bloody Mary which were spicy and full of veggies which we loved. He got the shrimp po-boy and I got the veggie \u00e9touff\u00e9e. Both were quite good. On our second visit he got the sampler which he was less impressed with. Next time we'll stick with the poboy! No vegan options unless you are in the mood for a salad.
I went there for lunch with my boyfriend. We are both cajun food fans. We ordered the spinach artichoke dip with crab. I ordered jambalaya, and he ordered the combination plate. They were all edible but not very pleasing to the palate. The  staff was nice, but the main entries took almost an hour to come out. It was pretty disappointing. I don't think I would come back.
The Doc fixed my eye & the staff rocks... you all get out of Jail for free... Maricopa County Jail only.
Great ambiance for a Asian fusion restaurant, but where are my Asian peeps at???  The hostess-white, our waiter-black, our busboy-Mexican, but on my way to the restroom I finally find them.... The two cooks were Chinese.  The group of us were all from Asian decent and we asked our waiter to recommend some dishes.  When he mentioned kung pao and chop suey, I also busted out laughing.  The food was decent and their idea of brown rice is white rice tossed in soy sauce.  Oh yeah, you had to request chop sticks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I'm glad I live in the Bay Area.  If you want to try this place, get the Vietnamese beef cubes, the Korean seared steak, the deep fried whole flounder and the fried spinach that tasted like chips.
I have nothing compelling to say because this restaurant is unremarkable.  The food is good.  I have eaten here a few times when I was with a group.  I wouldn't ever choose it on my own accord.
You usually can't go wrong staying at an Embassy Suites hotel.  The rooms are huge and the breakfast is yummy.  You can sometimes get free happy hour drinks too!
I've stayed here twice before, and I think it's a wonderful place for anyone's who's visiting.  Close the mall, movie theatre, Biltmore, and most importantly, Shreiner's Sausages.  Really, though.  It's always clean, roomy, good A/C.  Probably one of the best Embassy Suites I've visited.  And way cheaper than the Biltmore, for sure.
Huge rooms. Soft towels. Comfortable bed with tons of pillows.  \nThree things that make me happy when I'm traveling.  \n\nWhat's wrong with this place, then? First of all, the location is central to nothing aside from the mall which houses several chain restaurants.  Second, the staff could not care less about pretty much anything. While the woman who checked us in was helpful and friendly, that was the end of that. Despite requesting my Hilton status \"amenities\" (just a package of snacks and water...not much), I never received it.  I was also charged $30 for internet when I shouldn't have paid a thing (got the bill corrected at check out). And housekeeping didn't leave enough towels or replace the water.  \n\nConsidering we paid over $200 a night, the blase attitude of the staff is very disappointing.
Check in staff was great the view from out side was ok. Then the room electrical switches that are barely sticking out some you can see wires on. Paint was peeling all over and the shower was falling apart the caulking was all coming off. These rooms are not what I expect for this price. Even the tv which was a older flat screen did not have HD and half the channels failed to work. Breakfast was not great and  they failed to clean up tables so no where to sit and eat. Pool area had several areas trapped off as well as the parking lot had a lot of it closed. Over all very disappointed in this property I would not recommend it. When I checked out I was told your good to go as she ate her breakfast and then walked away not once was I asked how my stay was.
The food was pretty disappointing for the price, and the drinks menu left much to be desired.  The music was ok, and the service was very close to on-point for the size of the party.  The space is tremendous; as many have said, it's one of the very few places like it in Phoenix with real history.  I just wish they would bring the kitchen and bar up to the same level as the location.
The food was below average relative to the prices. I enjoyed the food, but it was not fine dining quality. Based on the prices (around 150 for two people), I expected something quite memorable, but instead it was quite mediocre. \n\nIf you sit on the patio on a cool fall evening, this would be a nice place to have a few drinks, but I certainly wouldn't go for the food. Of course, the building is beautiful and creates a great environment.\n\nAlso, the service was very sub-par on most accounts. Even the hostess was unfriendly and didn't smile or say more than two words. The manager was friendly and the person who delivered the food was very friendly.
The best thing about this meal was the view.  Because we had a voucher, we (along with many others) were put in a separate room with the tables and chairs they use for their events (weddings, etc).  It was a very limited menu and small portions.  The food was average at best, not super flavorful.  Our waiter was nice and the service was good....maybe a tad too quick.  We were thinking it was like the food was prepared like it was for catering and plates were made it advance.  The atmosphere was nice but I'm pretty sure we are not going back.
Great place to sit and drink wine on a Saturday afternoon where you have nothing better to do. Food's average. Lots of people watching which I  love. No indoor seating though so avoid when hot.
I've had every carrier you can think of (except, of course, Cricket).  The customer service at T-Mobile is awesome!  I *had* to have the RAZR two years ago.  Ugh.  It was the worst phone ever.  Wasn't T-Mobile's fault, just Motorola.  Anyway, visited the store twice and had to get replacement phones.  Each time, they exchanged the phone for free.\nEven now when I have troubles, I go in and everyone is friendly and helpful.  \nI'm still with them for another couple years (I keep needing new phones!) and wouldn't change providers for anything right now.
This Saks location has to be my personal favorite for their service style. Everyone is friendly, they great you, they often offer you a water bottle, however they let you wander if you tell them your just looking, and check on you sporadically but never smother. \nAlso they have the best makeup counter service of any store in the valley, period. My favorite is the YSL and Dior shared counter. Those ladies and gentleman are the best at telling you about their lines as well as other alternatives. For example on my last visit they showed me their concealer and ran to the Nars counter to show me one with more coverage. Which is what I was looking for. \nThe only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because shoe sales rack has really dwindled in size over the last year or two. Other than that, this place is fantastic.
I travel frequently, work late, and don't always have time to make reservations before a late meal opportunity. We were greeted In an unwelcoming manner at 9pm at this Morton's. That along with waiting a solid 10 minutes before getting menus just made us feel even more \"rude\". The stuffy vibe needs to change for us to come back....Morton's is nice and convenient from the Ritz,  but i'd drive the extra few miles to City Hall next time.\nThe food was good although the Seafood platter - oysters, lobster, crab were below average compared to other Mortons. Steak is probably better in the desert.
get the ngocchi and that is all I have to say.... do it before you die.   The stuff melts in your mouth and I have never had it taste so good anywhere else.  The food and service are great at this place and the prices are like a really high end restaurant.  This place has been around since the 70's and it shows...which is my only complaint.  I really wish they would remodel this place and revive it a little bit because the food is really good.  The owner is always around our server has worked there for 33 years if that doesn't tell you something.  The atmosphere in the bar is black and white checkerboard tile with mirrors for walls.  The dining room has been painted but the furniture is a little dated.  I ordered the veal Marsala and it was fantastic, my wife got the salmon and it was even better.  I wish this place was closer to home I would come more often.
I go here when I want to stuff myself silly on the weekend after a night of drinking. I always order the chicken fried steak and it's VERY good. I am a huge fan of chicken fried steak and eat that anywhere I go and this one is in the top 10.\nThe staff is very friendly but they do seem to be understaffed for the most part but they get the job done.\nThe Cinnamon roll is delicious and HUGE. I have to take it home with me for later because I never have room to eat it while I'm there.\nYou'll most always find this place filled with an older crowd but that's fine, it keeps the noise level down.
Steamers seems to be a Phoenix/Scottsdale staple for good seafood. The food wasn't bad, it wasn't THAT great either, though. The wine list is sufficient and the service adequate. The menu has some good combination dishes and a mix of seafood staples and chef creations. I had the seabass, which was tasty and fresh, but nothing memorable for me. Atmosphere wise, the booths are nice and probably the only place I would want to sit in the place, but I didn't really get that \"contemporary and cosmopolitan\" vibe at all. The best part about Steamers may, in fact, be its perfect location centered right in Biltmore Fashion Park.
Was here for a KYOT Wine-Down-Wednesday event a couple of years ago.  The bar area was packed.  Stood around waiting for a table to open up- very uncomfortable as the area is pretty small.  \n\nI remember trying the New England clam chowder.  Tasty, but it had too much potatoes and not enough clams.  Had something else, but can't recall which, and the current menu online reflects a few changes.  \n\nI do recall thinking I would like to come back and have lunch or dinner there, so I'm giving it three stars.
The store is small and uncomfortable, but the products are decent.
The closest touristy, Arizona-esque candy shop to me here in Central Phoenix.\n\nCactus Candy Co is located in a small building room, stocked with: hot sauces, jellies, marmalades, cactus gummies, prickly pear taffy and shirts. Upon entering I was greeted and was given some advice on the popular items people typically purchase. It was helpful, good amount of candies and jellies but definitely limited. Two thumbs up for having a discount with paying with cash + being a student. With the discount it ended up not being too expensive either. \n\nI got a few boxes of prickly pear candies, taffy and jelly for my friends and family back home. Crossing my fingers they'll enjoy the distinct taste of prickly pear from the good ol' Valley of the Sun!
Absolutely unbelievable dry cleaners! This business understands customer service and exemplifies it with every interaction. Lee is phenominal. Pretty sure this is the type of business that like a dentist, when you move elsewhere you just have to go back... you know what I mean. I'll be 45, unemployed, living in Philly and still flying to PHX to have these guys clean my clothes.
Another fine dinner at China Village.  I ordered Ma-Po bean curd for dinner.  I had enough to share with my dinner mate.  The service was excellent as usual.  The hostess was very concerned that my group enjoyed their dinner.
I was in town -- will be moving there soon -- and looking for some good Chinese food. I haven't had any in years. Anyway, I spotted China Village and decided to give it a try, and am so happy I did. Hot tea is brought without having to ask for it (just like they all used to do!), and the food was great. Plus, the people were absolutely delightful! Wonderful service and so friendly. \n\nI can't wait to go back!
Lara was the best.  Incredible customer service.  Thank you for picking up slack for some other PB locations.
My husband and I wound up here after attempting to go to the \"Other\" cupcake place in Phoenix, only to find it was closed - for a MONTH AND A HALF!\n\nAnyway, Barb's is AMAZING!  Super friendly staff that makes you feel welcome and greets you with a smile...  And although I am typically ALL about red velvet cupcakes, I went for a cosmo - and it was nothing short of delicious.\n\nMy husband had a mini cheesecake with the \"choose your own topping\" and he said it was awesome too.\n\nI think that for all future cupcake runs we will be headed to Barb's!
I got the most delicious carrot cake from Barb's the other day for my friends birthday. It was such a hit! The best carrot cake I have ever had. I was not surprised though. Everything I have ever had there was yummy. They have the greatest cheese danishes, red velvet cup cakes and cookies! \n\nThey also took the extra time to write a message on the cake for me before I left.
Is is awful customer service, and the people do not wear gloves.\n\ndo not go there.
This is part of a local chain, this location is the missing-link in the chain.  This location is in an older part of Phoenix not a location for the tourist.  \nI can only compare this place to my high school cafeteria during \"Mexican\" food day.  The place is as cozy as a cafeteria, the servers must have been trained by the \"lunch ladies\", the noise from the children is only outdone by the screaming parents and the food is a step below Taco Bell.  If you are looking for Mexican food head back to high school.  In a city full of Mexican restaurants you can find a better place by throwing a dart at the map.
This place is very overrated. Food will cost you 15-20 dollars per person, and you can get much better from traditional Mexican diners at half the price. Service was not good, and the food was not good. I had Fajitas, and Applebee's produces a better product. Will not go back again, and in an area dominated by a lot of quality Mexican cuisine, this is a place to skip
this is the best car wash that I have used in Phoenix.  yelp coupon doesn't hurt either.
Horrible service. I bought a $400 belt for a buddy of mine for his birthday and he went the next day to get a bigger size, never wore it or even really touched it. They told him they couldn't exchange it because it seemed a bit bent like if it was worn.\n\nMoreover, the customer \"service\" salesperson brought the belt into the back room and came back with an obvious new hole in the belt. She said that we did it, even though they gift wrap the box and we didn't even touch it after buying it and it was brought back the same day!\n\nDespicable store. GO SOMEWHERE ELSE. Blatant fraudsters won't even give you any service. I will not let this go lightly.
The problem is that the atmosphere is subpar, and the drinks are literally half full. Don't believe me order a 50/50 vesper, it's 50% full. I will not return.
When it comes to food and service, Houstons is as consistent as it gets!! This Hillstone Group restaurant should teach Fox Restaurant Concepts a thing or two about this notion. \n\nAnywho.... I just wanted to let all Houstons soup fans know that they just changed the Sunday soup from Mexico City style to Mushroom Artichoke. =-0 I'm personally very disappointed with the removal of this favorite. However, I love mushrooms and artichokes. This soup is two thumbs up! \n\nBon Appetite!
Yeah, it's a chain and I'm not normally a fan of chains, but Houston's always hits the spot and I've never had a bad meal there. I think Houston's is the most consistent restaurant that I've ever been to and I've been dining at various locations of Houston's since I was a kid. Since I've lived in PHX, the Biltmore location has been my home base and I eat there several times a month. Most of the time, we come in for a late dinner and sit at the bar and let Tom and Al take care of us. These two are among the best bartenders in the Valley and will remember your drink of choice and other preferences after just a few visits.
As I begin to write my review I realize the server I am about to disparage is gossiping with the hostess behind me discussing her discontent with her most recent tip. This is NO Houston's! What happened to ensuring a well manicured table, timely service, and a full glass of wine. Boo.
DISAPPOINTMENT NAMED SALAD.  I've been going to Houston's for 23 years (I started young) and I've been getting the same dish EVERY single time.  Why?  Because it's great EVERY single time.  Never have to worry.  Except this time.\n\nI usually split the salad with someone along with the artichoke dip.  Dip = great.  Salad = Worst.  When did we change it up and add corn?   And the portion was the size of a side salad.  Side salad?  Really?  Are we that pretentious Hillstone?  And never mind about mentioning the difference of proportion to your waiter.  It doesn't go anywhere.  Which was another first.  \n\nAll in all, a Debbie Downer of a meal at the sorta new Houstons.
LOVE Hillstone it never dissapoints.  We ended up at Hillstone last night after being badly mistreated at another restaurant.  (an hour and a half wait that never got us a table)  We arrive at HILLSTONE  hungry & frustrated we explained to the host what happened..... He told us another 20 min. wait we went to the bar and before we had our drinks we had a table! Not to mention a complimentary appetizer and a really lovely waitress.  We were so grateful to be treated so well and the food was outstanding!  Hillstone saved our girls night out and cemented our love of the restaurant!
Very loud and boisterous and bustling, and thankfully we had a reservation, but spent a great evening here!  The service was fantastic, the food and drinks came out in a timely manner, and there doesn't really seem to be a bad seat in the house.  I went simple and had the cheeseburger and I'm still dreaming about the next time I can go back and have another, it was fantastic.  And then I doubled down and had the brownie and thought I'd died and gone to heaven.  And the wine list was pretty big with some interesting options.  I would go back in a second, just really decent American cuisine well-prepared and served with style.
My absolutely FAVORITE place EVER!! Seriously I've been going to Houston's concept restaurants since I was a teenager and this along with all the others never disappoints. The Hawaiian Ribeye is melt in your mouth delicious and I dream about it... seriously! Service is always amazing (especially Tom at the bar) and I am full and happy every single time I leave! If it was just a tad bit less expensive I would be there weekly but unfortunately it is a once every couple months type of place for me. That's ok though it gives me time to miss it!
Hillstone: you are overrated. You think you are better than you are. Every time I go, I am disappointed and my friends say we are never coming back. \nWe sure miss Houston's in the Biltmore. You tried, but it's not the same. \nThere are so many great places in Phoenix. Hillstone is good. Not great.
We came during a weekday lunch, so they were quite busy. We got seated within a few minutes, no biggie. We got approached by 3 different servers before our actual server came over, which was a little confusing.  \n\nWe ordered a California Roll to share, I got the Prime Rib dip and my mom got a chicken sandwich. The roll was OK, I've had better. The dip was pretty tasty and the fries that came with it were well seasoned and crispy- just how I like 'em.\n\nThe service here was exceptional. The food, considering the price, just didn't really do it for me. For a $50+ lunch, I wish it was a little more memorable. \n\nWhat I did dig tho, were the giant fish outside who practically jump out of the water when you sit by their little \"pond\" thing. Besides the service, they were my favorite thing there.
The people working at this store are awesome- they remembered me the both times I went in.  I will drive to this Autozone over the others because they are so friendly.  There was a line both times, but with the summer heat in AZ, a lot of people needed new batteries.  Bottom line- great Autozone!
Outstanding memories of this place...Valentines Day 1999...Absolutely first class service, highly polished cooking, but very conscious of its Southwestern surroundings, this place still stacks up against the best. If you can deal with amusing and effete clientele (bombed-out Barry Goldwater Republicans) then Vincent's well worth the expense.
My Husband and I went to Vincent's last night for restaurant week.  We picked this restaurant because we had never been there and the menu for restaurant week appealed to us.  Overall, I have to say the food was good.  We loved the bread basket at the beginning of the meal and my brie and fig appetizer was great.  The worst part of our experience at Vincent's was the overall service, especially from the hostess, who was clearly overwhelmed with the crowd (I assume from restaurant week).  She had a very poor attitude, which was noticeable by everyone who was sat around us.  In addition to that, they have a \"team\" service philosophy, so it took awhile to get served and wasn't as pleasant as it could be.  All in all, the food was good, but not worth the price we paid.
This is a great spot for a date, and the price is right!  Unique dishes and atmosphere.  Great specials and free desert.  I also can't say enough about the service.  Our server gave great recommendations and brought out 3 different deserts at the end of the meal.  To be honest, I had to think twice about posting a review of this place for fear that it's going to become too popular.  But I would give them 6 stars if I could.
Pro:  value, charm, quality, independent\n\nCon:  haven't found one yet....\n\nSleeper alert.  Great breakfast, well-priced served with a smile. Ditto for dinner. Simple, relatively healthy comfort food.   Good Euro feel to it but not overkill.  Nice change of pace from the generic chains.  \nWell worth a try for a quiet couples dinner or breakfast with the kids--they can draw, play hangman etc on the butcher paper table top.  Comp. rolls to start and dessert to finish with breakfast.  Nice touch.
Vincent's market bistro is my usual weekday go to. Always pleased with there salads, soups, apps, mains and desserts! Scotty and the staff are the best. You know a place is good when there clientele have been going there for years and years.
I go here 5 days a week for an hour somewhere between the hours of 5am-7am. \n\nIts dirty. The cardio equipment is usually broken or about to be broken. Bikes missing pedals. Treadmills with torn pads or that literally stop moving at speed randomly in workout. \n\nMorning staff cares none about faulty equipment.\n\nEverytime it rains, the floor floods and no one cares or fixes it. The next year its still flooding. Didn't you notice you had to shut down half the weight area floor because of the last drizzle?!?\n\nThe only reason I keep coming back is because its open when I need it to be.
This location started out as The Q, has been around for a couple of decades and unfortunately is showing its age. \n\nI considered giving just one star, but it does seem like they've finally started to update this place by doing stuff like removing the unnecessary upstairs desk and replacing all of the old TVs with modern flat screens.\n\nHowever, they still need to go a lot further. I wish they would just close down for a week, completely clean, and repaint the entire place with a new color scheme that doesn't give me flashbacks to the 90s. They also need to fix the tile in the sauna and improve the lighting throughout so it doesn't seem so dingy.\n\nEither that or just tear the place down and build a whole new gym.\n\nHonestly, if it wasn't for Mickey's Thursday night yoga class I'm not sure I'd make the effort to come to this location.
This is my first time to this 24..I just moved here from Cali, and I am use to half of the equipment being broken. So far so good. It is clean compared to what I am use to, and doesn't have a strange odor. It definitely does the job for what I need. Though its a little far for my taste, it will now be my home gym.
As an 8-year vet here its obviously a good enough spot to stay a member, but unfortunately the facility ins constantly deteriorating at a faster rate than its being fixed.  With the constant new members, you would think the sign-up fees could help pay for some remodeling!
I've been a loyal Home Depot customer for years, and this is by far the worst one I've been to in the country. I just bought a home in the area and have been to this particular location dozens of times over the last 10 months. The staff is in not knowledgable, helpful, or responsive. It's extremely disappointing, to say the least.
The new owners of Ice House Tavern are no longer hosting live bands. This is such a disappointment to the local music scene!
This place is a vegetarian mecca and a lot of the soy meat is gluten free which is a huge perk for people like me. The atmosphere could use some work but the food is good and it is priced well. They have fresh juices and a very healthy vibe. The service is always good and it is never super packed. If you have veggie friends that haven't discovered this place it is a gem.
I am not a vegan but love vegetables and would prefer to not eat meat most of the time. This place has the best spring rolls I have ever tasted. My sister-in-law is vegan and I went with her and she liked it too!
DON'T LET THE OUTSIDE SCARE YOU AWAY! This place is GREAT! It took a few mins to get seated/acknowledged, but I was in no rush. I got vegan Pho and it was the best I've ever had. If you want to leave off on a lightly sweet note, \"Peaceful Pink\" is what I recommend. (cranberry juice + soymilk topped with rose buds, SO GOOD!)
As long as you go in not expecting authentic Hawaiian food, you shouldn't be too disappointed. The menu has changed a couple times in recent years (no garlic shrimp just fried shrimp, no French fries, optional Asian salad) but the mac salad has remained the same. There isn't much to choose from for the non-meat eater. The fried shrimp is too oily for my taste.
This is a solid place for those seeking Hawaiian food since it's not a very common type of food found in this area that I have seen.  I tend to favor the Chicken katsu which is served with boiled cabbage, steamed white rice, and macaroni salad.  \n\nOther items on the menu to take note of would be the Moco Loco and Spam Moco which are also common foods amongst the locals in Hawaii.  If you seek a quick place for some Hawaiian type comfort food this restaurant is pretty good.  With generous portions and plenty of seating, my friend and I tend to go here when we're looking to have a late lunch on the weekends.
Me 10 years ago: Panda Express, mmm good, and they give you lots!\n\nMe today: Panda Express is crap. It's got to be the most average, bland, over-Americanized \"Asian\" food around.\n\nI challenge you to find more average/below average food chain anywhere in the state.
I was so amused with the storyline of Don Quixote, played out in this ballet performance! I expected to enjoy the story of the lost lovers of all ages, shapes, and sizes.....I never expected to giggle so much at the ballet, though! What fun! The costumes were gorgeous and had just the right \"spice\" for the period while still showing the fluid movement of the dance. The orchestra did an amazing job with the score in a hall that is well-receiving of this type of sound. \nThis performance was the weekend before Valentine's Day. It was obvious that there were lovers there, enjoying a special theatre treat in honour of their holiday. But there were also plenty of families there with young girls of all ages enthralled with the story - and the audience as a whole was happy to show moments of joy and laughter where the company xpected it!
I love this place. The merchandise is constantly changing and they have the best bedding (and prices) in town. And the reading glasses - cutest ever. Cookware - check. Towels - check. Cutlery - check. Really, this should be your first stop if you need something. And if you're just out shopping - good luck leaving empty handed. \n\nI need to go buy a purse today and there's one I've had my eye on... :) I'm guessing it'll be coming home today.
Took my commuter in for an oil change and was very pleased with the cost and speed that it got done.  The location is perfect as well to just take a walk over to Costco to shop or snack while waiting.  \n\nFYI Check for coupons on their Yelp page before going it might save you some money like it did me :)
Reasonable prices for great service (I'm usually out the door for $26 total).  These guys won't let you sit around too long.  If you want to talk, they'll talk - sports, women, whatever.  If you don't want to converse, then you can watch one of the TVs they have at each chair.\n\nEach regular cut ends with a straight edge shave and hot or cold towel, as well as a quick machine massage.  Good guys here, well worth a few extra bucks over going to Cost Cutters etc.
Went to see Amy on a Groupon.  She did the fastest cut in the west!  It looked Ok, not the greatest (which I expected from this place).  I got home and my son said \"Mom, you have a mullet!\"  Yep, sure enough the cut wasn't even in the back.  I went back in an hour and she got me in to fix it.  Unfortunately, now I'm at home I see it doesn't match the other side of the back of my head.  Ok....if this was Super Cuts or something like that I'd just live with it.  NOT Leiden Mitchell....I guess with a Groupon they give you a half price cut.
The \"street tacos\" here are outstanding.  Consistent quality w/ a hot sauce bar that apologizes to no one.  Friendly staff.  Hear me now, believe me later.  Strong.
I have to give them a 5 for their Guacamole and chips.\nI am just in love with it.\n\nEverytime I go to the US, I have to go there.\nCheap, super tasty and I love the salad bowl option they have (as I cannot eat wheat flour).\nThe meat is always tasty and fresh and again .....their guacamole ....the best !!!!\n\nAlways clean and fresh with friendly staff.\n\nHealthy fast food .....\n\nJust wish that we had it in Canada !!
This place is always busy, and mistakes are made with otherwise simple menu items.
The hostess/lady who took my order was very polite and created brief and pleasant small talk. I ordered 2 cheese slices to go and my food was given to me within 5 minutes. The price was reasonable. The pizza was in my opinion slightly above average. The restaurant itself wasn't the most charming and the location wasn't the greatest but not the worst either. But for quick take out it was ok. Giving it 3 stars.
I have only gone here for kids/baby gifts and it's a great place to find that perfect, unique gift. It's really pricey, so be prepared to spend a lot. However, they have complimentary gift wrap and it looks really nice when they're done.
Went there today to get help with ordering unique, cute invites for my sister's baby shower!!  They had the cutest stuff!!!!  And Lydia, the owner was very helpful in making my \"vision\" a reality.  Great custom stuff!!!  Can't wait til my invites come in!!
I would never go there again. I walked it there and the guy looked at me like I was bothering him. I guess my money will bother him too.
We were staying at the Royal Palms for a couple of days and everyday we would have breakfast at T Cooks. It was delicious. \n\nMost memorable the frittata with artichokes and sundried tomates. \n\nDinner wasn't so great - I wouldn't recommend. The dishes were too strongly flavored for the ingredients. I had a mushroom soup that I couldn't finish - it was way to intense.  Also had a monkfish wrapped with bacon which is normally a great combo but I'm not sure what oil they fry with or what amount they used, the dish was over powered and the freshness of the ingredients were lost.
I had the best experience with breakfast. \n\nThe ambiance- excellent- the reason I am coming back and can have a 5 hour dinner. \nThe service- pretty good\nThe food- from \"ok\" to \"really good\"  (but not the best)\nI recently had an over saltet paella. \n\nGreat for happy hour, not sure about the quality.. if you want something light - there are not many options. Not good if you are on gluten free, grain free diet.\nDinner/ full menu  has more options for something light. \n\nSecluded and luxurious - a great hideaway from a crazy, busy world  :)
I just came in for an OJ and one of their fruit cups, I was in a deep craving of fruits and this was the closest spot to me that Thursday that offered such small craving to-go. The service was okay/good. Could have been better.
I waited 20 minutes for my asiago bagel and I was the only one in the dining area  but they forgot about it and burned my bagel. Service is terrible.
Not overly impressed. I stopped in with some colleagues while on business in the Phoenix area. I'm trying to limit my meat intake and opted for the veggie sandwich. Major disappointment! I essentially got shredded iceberg lettuce and tomato with some herb spread and a slice of cheese. I think that if a restaurant is going to put out a vegetarian selection they should be a little more serious than lettuce and tomato. Mushrooms, cucumber, romaine instead of iceberg, bell peppers, spinach and avocado are all good options.\n\nI will say that the chips were great and the smell of Cinnabon in the place was divine.
Unless you get Holly to cut your hair avoid this location at all cost. She seems to be the only person in the entire place that understands she is supposed to listen to what the customer wants. \n\nI recently got my haircut there from someone other than Holly and was absolutely butchered, easily the worst haircut of my life. Not only did the \"stylist\" not listen to what I wanted but she was borderline argumentative. \n\nIn short, if you walk into this location looking to get a haircut and Holly isn't there, just turn around and walk out.
I am SO mad at this store location today.  It is my son's 3rd birthday and I actually came into the store 10 days ago to order a Planes (the movie) themed birthday cake.  The woman at the counter took my order, my 2nd choice in case it wasn't in, and my phone number.  Nothing.  Until this morning, the day of his birthday.  I received a call saying that the cake was unavailable.  This is not how you should do business.  If the cake is not available today, it wasn't available 4-5 days ago.  GIVE A PERSON A CALL to let me know.  Luckily the Safeway on Chapparal was able to assist, and the cake was WONDERFUL!  \n\nPS - it wouldn't let me post ZERO stars...
I had an absolutely stellar experience at All Smiles.  \n\nI finally got dental insurance, and made an appointment based on Alicia's review.  It helps that it's right down the street from my house too!\n\nEveryone was just great.  The hygienist was sweet and chatty, and let's just say the dentist isn't too hard on the eyes, ladies....  He has some beautiful blue eyes!\n\nI am just so pleased with the cleaning and service I received.  I will recommend All Smiles Dental to anybody!
My girlfriend and I wanted a weekend getaway.  We found the Royal Palms Resort and gave it a try.  It was a little pricey, but it was well worth it for the atmosphere and experience.  We loved the Hacienda feel of the property and enjoyed the time at the pool.  No rowdy kids were to be seen and everyone was enjoying the sun and quiet.  The whole evening was quiet.\n\nThe room we stayed in was also amazing!  It consisted of a tile shower and shutters in front of the bath tub.  It was fun to get away for a weekend.  We even ate at TCooks restaurant.  The food was expensive but we enjoyed being pampered like royalty.  Oh and the drinks we just as great!\n\nI would go back to the Royal Palms anytime.  Definitely recommend it!
This place is dirty.  The plate my food was served on was dirty, our waitress's apron was dirty, and the booth we sat in was dirty; it left a huge grease stain on my daughter's pants.   This place is disgusting.
Meh..not particularly memorable.\nI've eaten at this location and the one by ASU, though I like this location better. I would probably only eat here if I was walking by and I was starving. \nThe cookies ROCK though, I like that you get one with your sandwich. And they have my favorite flavor of Jones Soda (Sugar-free Black Cherry) which kicked ass. \n\nWarning: The roast beef sandwich (Overture?) comes with horseradish sauce and it is hot as a mother.  I like the spice but it was almost unbearable. My nose pretty much turned into a snotty waterfall. \n\nGo to Opa Grill next door instead.
Really mediocre, just plain jane boring sandwiches.  They skimp on key ingredients, like cream cheese on the lox sandwich on pumpernickel, which btw the bread tastes stale and the worst pumpernickel I have ever had, not fresh or nice tasting at all.  Just really not a very good place and not very good sandwiches.  The thing that really earks me and inspired me to write the review is their cocky name Sacks \"Art of Sandwicherie\".  There is NO art going on here, just plain boring commercialized sandwiches that sound good but disappoint.  I will never be coming back, there are much better alternatives.  Basically anything other than subway will win this place out.  What a disappointment.
Unimpressed and disappointed. There is nothing to these sandwiches. There are so many other places to get better sandwiches. Will not be returning.
I've been here a couple times... very dive-y.  There is a very specific crowd of regulars here that know everybody. \n\nThe girls are ok. (sorry ladies)  There is a wide variety of types of ladies there... tall, skinny, wider, dark, light, almost naked, almost fully clothed... \n\nWe walked in once at about 1am... only an hour left before they closed.  They wanted to charge us the full cover. Eff that!!  So our buddy showed up who's a regular and we got in for free. haha  Good to be with the \"in\" crowd here.
It's a little overrated - but as another reviewer wrote, it's very much like something you would find in California... with a pizza joint attached. I actually think their sandwiches are shitty in the grocery section and their prices suck, but it's nice to have something like this place in town. It keeps the people it attracts from wherever I like to go - kinda like fly paper for yuppie scumbags. \n\nActually I think they did a pretty good job with it and I wish it wasn't so packed all the time. I can see why it's so popular. Parking is a nightmare and waiting in line blows. There's nothing I could say that hasn't already been said, but I just wanted to post my score and add my 2 cents.
One of my favorite places to grab a quick bit, a delicious dessert, or something fun from the the store!
Parking SUCKS.\nEverything is over priced. \n\nIt took me 25 minutes to get a cup of coffee, and I wouldn't have minded the wait if someone had acknowledged my presence and given the polite \"I'll be with you as soon as possible\" report. Clearly, that was too much to ask for.\n\nBut if you happen to go when it's not busy (i'm not sure when this is...) I'm fairly certain the ambiance would be delightful. It's an interesting concept. Also, the spaces are WAY too tight for the type of traffic they have in there.\n\nThe gelato on the South side of the building is really bland and boring. I'd rather eat store brand ice cream. Their Pizza is really awesome, though.\n\nGreat idea - mediocre execution.
Went there the next day and had the chicken salad sandwich which was superb.  The people are friendly and attentive.
I stop for their great coffee every morning -- and only drive by when I can't manage to get a parking spot.  LGO also has really great unique gifts that have come in handy for Mother's Day, Christmas and \"just because\" cards and notes.
Yum!\nCute, cute place!!  Go for specialty groceries, pastries, or a quick lunch or breakfast.
We're regulars at LGO. Amazing desserts, delicious homemade English muffins (can't go wrong with the commuter sandwich w/ avocado and bacon). They sell a great bottle of inexpensive wine- Klee. And always revolving retail area w/ unique gifts. Great place to eat, shop & relax.
this place is amazing!  everything is made to order and they have fantastic breakfast dishes and a great selection of bread, beer, wine and cheeses.  i was very impressed with the quality of their food, espresso and cleanliness of their store.  it is dog friendly and a great place to eat.  i hope to come back to this place whenever i am in town---they offer something for everyone and also have a very good gift shop with shirts, cards and books and other unique stuff.   for those seeking quality food at reasonable prices, this place is very hard to beat.  i only wish they had one of these in Seattle.
Wow this place is awesome and very cool vibe\nI had the commuter sandwich with avocado to die for \nMy wife loved her ham and kale quiche \nKids can't get enough of the fruit parfait \nWish I could have breakfast here everyday\nHas a line but moves very quickly
Wow. Completely disappointed. I had the commuter. When did English muffins lose their crispness, holes and flavor. Not impressed at all.
Ok, so you bake the English Muffins..we get it, but are they really worth 10 bucks for 6 of them? This is the theme of this Arcadia joint. The prices for stuff at dinner are unreasonable. It is at least 14 bucks for a burger on a very limited menu after 5pm. The sandwiches at lunch seem tastier and are better priced, so why not serve them all day, plus you cannot find a parking spot during the day either. They also own the fancy pizza place and some joint across the street as well. I ended up with a $3.25 Gluten free Chocolate chip cookie and it was big and gooey and had a bunch of nuts. Not too bad for a cookie in that category. Break the bank at dinner and watch all the lovely Arcadia types wander into this family friendly domain.
Overly priced :/ they do not clean under nails. Very nice workers though. Great customer service. ;)
Another of my favorite winebars (which is hundreds of miles away). I used to hang out with work friends for \"happy hour\"; the great part is we would drink and talk for hours and never once felt rushed to empty the table. My absolute favorite dish is their caprese sandwich and potato soup...the potato soup is cream, perfectly made, and full of flavor!
OK. I realize that I look like a huge softy with the stars but I really do love postinos. My world revolves around their bruschetta. I mean, ricotta with dates and pistachios (!) Most amazing thing ever. The apple, brie, and fig spread is pretty spectacular as well, not that I've found one I don't like. The wine, sangria, and prices are all good. The only thing that tends to be lacking is the service, but only in speed. I'd say they need a few extra hands but that would just add more bodies to an already packed house ( I have never seen this place slow) so I'm perfectly content sitting back and waiting. Give yourself some time if you plan to visit, just sit back and relax, when your server does get there they will be friendly, the wine will be good, and the bruschetta will be delicious.
I may be alone in this, but I think the above ratings, more than anything else, are about the way a restaurant makes you feel. Postino makes me feel like I've enjoyed an evening out, like I've gotten full on yummy food made from quality ingredients, and *almost* like I don't miss New York (my home for the past 6 years). The atmosphere is lively and the service has always been friendly and attentive. The pub board and bruschetta (esp prosciutto & fig) are delicious and cut into portions perfect for sharing. Go with friends, enjoy the wine list, don't over-order on the food, and Postino will make you feel good, too.
I LOVE this place!  My sister jokes that the only reason she comes to visit me in Arizona is for Postino's!
I can see why people are just packing it in here. A great place for visitors and locals.\n\nWonderful atmosphere. Quality wines and great gnoshing dishes. There is a friendly, knowledgeable staff to advise folks about there options. Top notch bruschetta with a great combination of fresh ingredients. Brie and apple, dates with pistachios being my favorites.\n\nMake reservations because the beautiful crowd is huge. \n\nBest deal ever, happy hour - $5 wine by glass is the best deal before 5pm
I really enjoy this place! From the eclectic beer and wine list to the amazing staff and good tunes, this place is great. The staff is super friendly and always on top of it. I operate a restaurant and looking at this place I love so many things about it. If you have not been this is the one to go to. Central is also good, but not quite as good as this one and Windsor if you are in search of the cocktails! Always a pleasant experience and simple, but delicious food..  The Italian picnic salad is one of my favorites!\nThanks Postino and thanks for hiring good people.
Came here with some girlfriends for an afternoon bite/happy hour. I'm from Minnesota. Happy hour seven days a week is unheard of. What a deal. Especially with $5 glasses of wine! Any single one on the menu. \n\nThe bruschetta is amazing--recommend the apples and goat cheese. De-lish!\n\nService could be toned down somewhat; very helpful but maybe a little TOO helpful.
Really great atmosphere, wines, etc... but I didn't think the food was very good, so I give it only 3 stars.  The bread is very thick and maybe uncooked, no oil.  It was not what I expected.  I was hoping for crunchy bread with creatively delicious toppings.  The toppings are great combinations, just not executed like I expected.  I thought the bruschetta would be warm, but instead it was cold, nothing melded, and the bread was very large.  Great concept, but I don't get all the great reviews.
I have only gone to Postino during the Monday/Tuesday $20 nights where you get a bottle of wine and choice of 3 bruschettas for the cheap price of $20.  I always order a bottle of moscato d'asti and a trio of Brie & Apples with fig, Prosciutto with figs & mascarpone and Fresh Mozzarella with tomato and basil.  I usually go with a few of my girlfriends and this makes a great meal with fantastic wine and some good gossip. :)  Come early as seats fill up extremely quickly and the wait can get very long.  This deal starts after 8pm.
This place always has a fun vibe and a great patio. Love meeting girlfriends here for wine and bruschetta.  Good service and nice atmosphere, a true staple.
went here to celebrate an interview my wife went to.\n\nHad wine. Thats about it. Love going to sit and relax and have a glass of wine (or beer). \n\nThey try and keep their atmospheres similar between the one on central and here.\n\nThis one feels more condesnsed than the one on central. Obviously i prefer centrals location and atmosphere better.\n\nFood is the same at both places.
Not good ,, too small... n its overrated! who waits 1hr for a glass of wine., i would rather get a bottle n drink at home.
I am such a fan of this place. Husband  (who is more fried food and french fries sort of guy ) took me as a surprise for a date night. WHOLY AWESOMENESS.  Great GREAT brushetta (Even the husband liked it) and a great wine menu. I think I ordered everything that was remotely vegetarian. DELICIOUS. Seriously. I hear there is one in my neck of the woods (Ahwatukee).. can't wait to visit.
I'm conflicted on this location. On one hand, they are very close to home for me. The store is relatively clean. The service is ok. My main concern is the very limited selection of organic food. I would rather buy my organic food here, but often have to get it at the much more expensive Whole Foods. Pity
I have never written a review, but the food at Havana Cafe was so underwhelming (and not in the least bit good) that I feel compelled to share. \nI ordered the Pollo Ajillo which, in reality, was a pile of salt with a side of chicken and rice. I opted for Arroz con Gandules instead of white rice as it has been years since I have had this tasty Puerto Rican side. The whole thing was almost inedible... I came home and actually brushed my teeth immediately, it was so bad!  My husband had the Pollo Cubano, which was equally underwhelming and nothing that we could not make at home ourselves.  The restaurant gets an extra star for the wonderful Cafe Cubano and the extremely attentive wait staff .  I had high hopes for this place but the next time I have a craving for Cuban food, I will be heading to Sabor Cubano.
I have to say, I was very disappointed with my dining experience at Havana Cafe last night... the place smelled wonderful upon walking in and everything tasted okay (though not as fresh as I would have expected for the price), but I was thrown off-guard by the plastic chairs and frozen fishstick-resembling appetizers!\n\nThe sangria is delectable and, in the moment, I enjoyed the ceviche. However, the tapas sampler was incredibly disappointing... I've traveled throughout the Latin Caribbean and this food did not meet my expectations. \n\nMost importantly, though, I awoke in the middle of the night to horrible cramping, chills, and diarrhea that kept me up for hours. I have strong reason to believe this was food poisoning from the restaurant (given I didn't eat anything else last night) and I have every intention of pursuing a full refund.
The food here was good! I had chorizo with scrambled eggs. It was good although I wished I had gotten the carne asada; that is one of my favorites.\n\nMy friend and I saw some characters at this place. I think they come out late at night.\n\n1) A couple walked in and the lady yelled \"ya'll busy\" - if she looked, she would have noticed that we were the only [two] people in the restaurant besides them. #facepalm\n\n2) A few minutes before we were about to leave two guys walked in with a 12 pack of beer!? I think they left the beer inside while they went out to smoke a cigarette.
Excellent Neighborhood ShitHole ! Consistently inconsistent, seldom open and catering to EVERY demographic in the PHX. \nCan't wait to pass on this place for years to come ! Owner must be proud. \nCheers & good luck
I really want this place to be good.  I love seafood and it's only 2 or 3 blocks from where I live.  I've been twice now, and both times it's just been... meh.  It's not bad, but I have no intention of going back.  The plates seem expensive for a joint like this. The chips were too thick. The salsa wasn't that great. And most importantly my fillets haven't been very delicious.  Maybe their shellfish and meats are different, but the fish fillets just aren't worth it.\n\nThe staff is friendly enough, and the service is quick enough, but I don't think I'll be swinging by here again.
Oh. My. Damn!  I effing love this place!  I've been a lot and have always had great food and good service.  The oysters are a must have app, with a little squeeze of lime and a dash of salt...my mouth is watering now!  The little woman and I both usually get one of their cocktails (shrimp, octopus, squid, snail) served with chips and some avocado. The shrimp ceviche is another favorite, nice and limey. The last few times, however, my gal ordered fish.  I believe it was cooked in garlic and butter and came with rice and beans and it was phenomenal!  Sometimes they have live mariachi music, which just adds to the greatness!
I am so thankful for yelp or I never would have found this place :) We went on a Sunday Morning/afternoon and were seated fairly quickly the menu is huge and it all looked great I was very pleased I ordered the french toast yum! My honey got the omlette it was good the hash browns are a little more well done than would have liked but still tasty. The staff was friendly and attentive Iwill definaty be back for more :)
Broke a pair of perscription sunglasses at the hinge.  Costco referred me to this place.  They did the repair by afixing new temples.  When I got them out into the sun, they didn't match the frames...the frames were black so it wasn't like it was some freaky color or pattern to match...just black.  When I took them back in to remedy the situation I was informed it was the best that they could do.\n\nA few weeks later the screw came out of the hinge, so I took it back.  I was informed that the policy of the store was not to do any repairs without charging for it....even resetting a screw, which I supplied.  \n\nHow much could it be to reset a screw you might ask? Would you believe $20.00!  I prefer to select who I let screw me, and this dump ain't one of them....
Its a pretty nondescript dive.  Its basically a hallway, which makes its kind of neat... and there is a big fish tank with weirdly cool fish to stare at.  Otherwise its your typical dive bar atmosphere.  They do have 'fish tank specials' which means that about 10 bottles are lined up in front of the fishies and they are marked pretty cheaply (naturally the price is written in Sharpie on the bottle).  \n\nI wanted to try the 'chocolate vodka' so I basically got a really full glass of straight vodka for $2.50.  Odd drink but lots of alcohol quite inexpensively.  The bartender had to have been high on something.  No complaints though... she was hilarious just to watch.  \n\nI would definitely go back on any dive bar crawl.  - also try Darwins just two doors down!
In short, the Dilly is a drinker's bar.  Cheap drinks, tons of regulars, and dark enough to make it easy to forget the world outside.  Hipsters beware, this isn't the Little Woody, it isn't the Vig...hell, it's not even Hazelwood's, but it is a great place to unwind.\n\n- pool table, check\n- darts, check\n- TVs, check\n- jukebox, check\n- strange edibles served out of a liquid-filled jar, check\n- seasoned, female bartender that doesn't take shit from anyone, check\n- fellow customer offering to give you a tattoo right there, for free, check
A trifecta of goodness - service, food, and value.  I stopped in to pick up lunch for a working Saturday at the office.  The value family meals are just that.  Plenty of everything and very flavorful.  Also, it is very clean inside the restaurant and the salsa bar was well stocked and tidy as well.
I went here with a party of 6 on Saturday night.  Our table was ready and waiting when we got there which was nice.  It is an older place with tons of charm.  The place was pretty busy and you could tell that the waiters/servers/busers were clearly over worked.\n\nAfter sitting for about 10 minutes we had to flag someone down to get bread and place our appetizer order.  After that we only saw our waiter every 20 minutes or so so it was difficult to order additional items or to get soda refills.\n\nThe service was pretty blah but the food was excellent.  Everything I tried was top notch.  Everything was freshly made and delicious  Probably some of the best Italian cuisine around.  Definitely some of the best gnocchi I've ever had.\n\nI would definitely return but hope the service is better.
This place is awful!!!!! I've been going to Firestone for yrs all over Arizona. Never ever had an issue until this location!!! Messed up my appts 3 times in one week. I've been here a total of 4 times this week!! Refused to top off all my fluids. Never heard of this before. It's your job!!!! When asking for my keys back, he refused. Then I asked the guys in the garage to give them to me and the GM told me \"to stop being crazy!\" Excuse me!?! No. Never coming back here again!!! They will screw up everything!!
My buddy took me to this place, I had some sliders and a couple hot dogs, The sliders are very simular to white castle's and I wasn't very impressed with the dogs but it was fairly cheap and you got a lot of food. Fun little location. I did buy a shirt haha.
1/3 cheddar burger with all toppings.  You wish more places and owner/operators existed like this.
The food was great, the customer service was horrible! I called in an order and asked for it to be split into three. When I arrived to pay the man at the register basically scolded me telling me he wasn't going to make other people wait in line while he split my order. The person on the phone did not tell me this was a policy. I won't be back. He was rude and it was completely uncalled for. Maybe the person taking phone orders needs some training!
Where has this place been all my life?\n\nBest burger on this side of town. I'd recommend the full-size burgers over the sliders, which, while still delicious, somewhat pale in comparison.\n\nGenerous portions for a very reasonable price.\n\nWhen I worked close by, I'd try to eat here once a week for a daily special that I liked.
They quoted me 15 minutes, and just 10 minutes later called my name to say it was done. Quickest oil change I've ever had.\n\nPaid $38 and some change with the $5 off Ladies' Wednesday discount.
I purchased a Banana Tree from Baker's on 06/15/2014.  It wasn't in very good condition to begin with and they only had 2 others.  The salesperson indicated that if it didn't do well that I could bring it back.  On 7/29/2014 I took the plant back in the pot it came in and with the receipt.  Baker's refused to give me another Banana Plant, give me my money back or give me a credit for another plant.  This family owned business needs to be bought out by someone with some ethics.  I will never shop for plants there again and I have reported them to the Better Business Bureau.
Bakers Nursery is where I've spent the majority of my weekend mornings.  I've either been pointed to a needed plant, or discovered it on my own.  Folks have always been helpful & informative.\n\nI will agree that they are pricey but big box stores cannot compare to the inventory at Bakers. Moreover, I'm do not agree with Yelp colleagues' low reviews. Unfortunately, gardening is 'at risk'. You figure out what your soil & attention span will foster and you are successful with those plants. Indeed, gardening comes with a learning curve that comes with failures & successes.\n\nTheir niche in the neighborhood will be a chasm after December.
Best Thai in town. I've been eating here since 1994 or so.
Absolutely the best red curry in history.  Wife loved the brocoly chicken.  I live in Idaho and there are only 2 restaurants in Phoenix I go out of my way for.  Thai lahna is one of them..
I have tried this place 4 times. The food is not very good. I have lived in Thai Land but don't expect to get the same excellent food here. I love Thai food and Thai people, don't think much of this place, I live close by but go elsewhere. The food is bland, overcooked and pretty Americanized. I have always been pleasant, patient and courteous but never gotten good service. The servers are lazy and sometimes rude and you are going to wait a longtime for every step of the service process. With so many good Thai restaurants in Phoenix there is no reason to eat here.
Stopped in here on a whim as I was passing by and hungry, plus I love Thai food.\n\nService was prompted and they seem to have quite a few regular customers. I have a yellow curry dish with was flavorful and had just enough spice prepared medium that I have a nice sweat going. They lunch special was very reasonable and filling.\n\nI would stop by again if I'm in the area and have a Thai craving.
Perfect on the drop off of rented tables and chairs but when it came to pick up on the Monday morning absolutely useless. My wife and I took a day off work with the plan that we would go out for the day once these people had picked up but when I hadn't heard from them by 11.40 I decided to call. The response was we are running behind schedule because Monday's are always busy but we should be there in another couple of hours so there goes our vacation day wasted. I would not recommend this company.
The owner was so rude I walked out! And they only accept cash and the only reason I gave them a star is because the review made me! I mean this guy was ridiculous! I never had anyone greet me at the door like that!!
I do not recommend.
Down-home live music dive that's family owned and offers a great value for the money. Cheap drinks, good food, no cover (usually). Opens at 6 am most days. Get over here.
Pruitts was just ok. The place is a little trashed. The prices were ok but not as aggressive as they used to be. The service wasn't very good either granted it is a furniture store though.
Pruitts asked me to email them to allow them an opportunity to make it right. So i did. Haven't heard anything else back.
I have to agree with Patti B. that this location pretty much sucks.  The service is just ok - they are far from friendly.  I've been in  a couple of times to pick up food and I have yet to be impressed.  I wanted to give them another chance tonight and I should not have bothered.  The food is not so good.  I'd rather go to Pita Jungle or Thai Llana any day!  The spring rolls are greasy and room temperature and the tofu is pretty nasty.  I had some kind of udon noodle dish and threw most of it in the garbage.  Use your 'free entree' coupon to save $$ one night, but that's about it... I will not be returning to (this) Pei Wei any time soon...
I've tried and tried to find something I like at these restaurants and I just can't come up with a reason to go back. \n\nI tried the Lo Mein with chicken. It smelled good but, what I got was 3 lbs of noodles in an overly sweet sauce with a few julienne carrots and few sprouts. The chicken was dry and chewy. I just don't get the draw.
Chef cooking in the open facility. Mostly noodles. Pad Thai noodles, beef. A most desirable appetite for the hungry man. Couldn't take this to heart.
Great service, great selection! My husband and I both got bikes here, we could've got them somewhere else, but the people here were so nice, that we came back and had them order the bikes for us. Plus they gave us a discount since we bought two bikes. They built my bike in just a couple hours for me, and I LOVE IT! So glad we found this place on yelp!
Came in to get my a Fossil watch repaired that belonged to my uncle.  The store owner/watchmaker was very friendly and let me in even though it was 5 minutes to closing time. He took one look at my watch, saw that it was ill-fitting, and proceeded to work his magic. We made pleasant conversation for about fifteen minutes as he adjusted, shined, and set my watch to the proper time. And the best part - he only charged me $5! I offered him $10 for being so thorough and for staying open last his posted hours but he wouldn't accept it. Don't let the pawn shop style sketchness fool you - this is one hole-in-the-wall worth visiting.
Replaced my watch battery and fixed the inside of another watch for $5 a piece. Super cheap considering the ones in the mall quoted me like $25+ to replace one battery. I was so impressed at how quick & nice the gentlemen was who works there.  He even added a diamond stud that had fallen out for free, so sweet.
Pros: Consistent quality. I like the pepperoni pizzone and my sister likes the Hershey chocolate sticks. \n\nCons: Why would I bother to place my order online hours in advance, if its not going to be ready when I arrive? They didn't even start making it till I got here. Additionally, they got my order wrong! Scary neighborhood and parking lot full. I had to park in the shopping complex next to this one.
I buy all of my tires at Discount Tire and my recent experience here just reminded me why. I noticed on Saturday morning that I had a nail stuck in the sidewall of my tire and decided that before waking up on Monday morning with a flat I'd better get it taken care of right away. Because the nail was in the sidewall, the tire had to be replaced, not repaired. However, because I always purchase the replacement certificates with my tires, it only cost me $20 for a brand new Pirelli tire. As always at Discount Tire, service was outstanding and my tire was done and car ready within 45 minutes. \n\nDiscount Tire, I am a lifelong customer!
Went there for an oil change recently.  Didn't know if there's going to be a wait time so I called ahead and make an appointment.  In and out of the store in under 30 minutes.  Great service and friendly staffs.
The food at Little Shanghai is plentiful and reasonably priced.  The architecture and ambiance is a little dated but still has a high level of authenticity that is fitting and functional.  I haven't been to a better chinese restaurant in Phoenix.  The house chicken is to crave for late at night in your  refrigerator.  The sizzling beef should be a little more dangerous, kind of didn't sizzle the way my imagination played out.  The bar even works functionally and has some character.  Highly recommend if your are in the Arcadia area.
Food is good but I was told I could not have a refill on my soda... Completely turned off by this. You charge me $2 for a soda and will not give 1 refill? Shame!
The shrimp fried rice and teriyaki chicken were good, but the rest of our order left a lot to be desired.  The crab puffs were missing a key ingredient....the crab!!!  That was really disappointing.  The beef and broccoli and cashew chicken didn't score high marks with our group.  Not sure we will give them another try.
Some of the best Italian food I have ever had. This is a favorite for my wife and I. Sima and Marcellino are very nice people, very inviting. The bar is small but fun to hang out at. The food is always fresh and delicious.\n\nWatch out for Marcellino - he likes to push the truffles.
Maybe the only place in AZ that makes their own pasta? 5 stars by Arizona standards, 3 by Italy and other foodie joints across the globe - hence the compromise. Sorry AZ, you are on a relative scale.\n\nI was bummed, because I was the only person in this restaurant for an hour and a half at 7 on a thursday night. Finally a good Italian joint in Phoenix and nobody shows-up. I hope this place survives.
The experience at Marcellino Ristorante is perfect and I love their new location in Scottsdale!
Over rated and over priced. \n\nI've been here a number of times and never been impressed with any of the specials or their homemade pastas either. Every time I left however, I was reminded of how expensive it is, especially if you go with chef and waiter recommendations.  We also have a hard time understanding why the owner/chef will not make guest request changes to any of the entrees.  For example, if someone wants a different sauce with their pasta or their entree prepared a certain way, why would the owner refuse to do so ?  I've seen this happen twice at this restaurant and both time guests have been put in unpleasant positions while ruining their dining experience.    Its too bad that there are not that many great italian restaurants in the Phoenix - Scottsdale area, and Marcellino's falls into that category as well.
Went to Marcellino with a large dinging group (about 18 people).  We were seated promptly even though we didn't have a reservation.  Our waiter was very good about keeping all of our orders separate, and he was even able to prepare separate checks for each person in the party.  Excellent service.\nRestaurant was very dark, but from what I could see seemed to be nicely decorated.  It was not too noisy.  I had the Strozzaprete ai Broccoli di Rape.  The pasta was supposed to be two colors, but I had trouble seeing it in the dim dining room.  Although I couldn't see my food, I could taste it, and it did taste delicious!  The noodles were perfectly cooked and nicely chewy.  However, $22.95 seemed like a LOT of money for a bowl of pasta.
I live nowhere near here (thank God!) but have had their donuts from co-workers bringing them in and have been in store. I recently tried the Texas kolache, which is a breaded sausage and cheese pastry. You can get it spicy or not, I chose for the not spicy warmed up. It was delicious! As far as donuts, their glazed is addicting. I also got an iced chai, which was very flavorful and delicious. Restaurant inside has bar seating and a few tables. Staff is also really friendly. Overall winner here!!
I have had this in my \"to try\" list for a long time... not really long enough :(\n\nI stopped in for a lunch special...2 slices and a drink for like $4.00 or so... BUT they only accept debit over $5.00 Then make the damn special $5 bucks! I had to add a third slice just so I could eat there. LAME\n\nThe pizza was thin, no sauce and topped nice with cheese. The entire thing was flavorless. NONE not the sauce or the crust. \n\nThe service was all over the place (not in a good way) the building was roasting hot, and there was an old guy with his Pee Bag hanging out there while eating. (no stars deducted for that)\n\nOver all... I doubt I would be back.
I hadn't tried Pat's in a while so my boyfriend and I decided to order it this last Saturday night. Unfortunately, it was awful. The sauce was missing!! It just tasted like dough. My boyfriend couldn't even finish it and he is not a picky eater. We will never try Pat's again, especially for the price. I recommend Stumpy's or NYPD. What a waste of money!
I have been to Mary for facials seeking clear skin for 9 years.  Yes my skin looks great.  She always has the latest and best products and treatments.  Mary 's salon is always a place of welcome and relaxation.  She takes time to evaluate my skin each session.
I'm torn. They have great deals at times, like buy 1 get 2 free packages of boneless skinless chicken breasts. But they also have crappy bread and produce, last time I went there the strawberries I bought that looked fine rotted within a day, the tortillas all stuck together and the bread went moldy. I didn't save my receipt because I have never had to return anything to a grocery store before.. I guess I will limit my shopping to frozen foods or smoking deals.
No matter how many times they call (nearly every day for the last few months!) and no matter how many times I tell them I am not interested and to please STOP CALLING - they continue to harass - calls come in from 8am until 9pm.  Based on these business practices alone I will never use them.
If your are looking for any kind of flavor in your food , this is not the place for you. I had a green chili burro with rice and beans, it had to be one of the most bland meals I have ever had, this the place for those out of towners, You know the ones from those cold states, who are not familiar with what Mexican food should taste like. I have to say it is edible, you probably won't die, BUT DEFINATELY NOT ENJOYABLE, TASTEFUL, FLAVORFUL, OR MEMORABLE.\n This is not the place for true mexican food connoisseur. \n As for  the service it was average, not anything special.
Oh my, dare I...yes, I'm going to have to go with 3 stars.  Normally I would shun, poo-poo, and dismiss a gringo-Mex place like Carlos O'Brien's, but I got thinking that for what it is (gringo-Mex)... it's pretty darn OK!  Last night's meal of grilled shrimp and vegetables clinched it. The tacos are pretty good, the chimis, the burritos...and to find a decent, light ,healthy option too (I gotta go healthy once and a while, just not too often), well that's special.
I went there recently and in the past it used to be my go to place. Sadly the food is not what it used to be and I no longer crave their chimichangas anymore. As for the Drinks yes these Margaritas are one of the best might just go for happy hour for now on.
My husband took me to dinner here once. For such a big venue it was extremely empty. \nOnce the food arrived I knew why. The food was so bland. I could have made dinner that night for way cheaper.
here for happy hour on the patio 1st strike was the lipstick on my draft beer glass. 2nd was the the very rude server who treated our group like we came to dine and dash... the good points the chicken fundio and them accommodating my friends lap dog on their patio. good food bad service. yo Pancho stop being an ass no tip for you buddy.
Great pizza it is; Chicago-style it is NOT.  Seems strange to me that Chicagoans claim this as \"Chicago Style\" pizza.  Oh well - moving on.\n\nTheir sausage is some of the best I've had outside of Chicago - without question.  The pizza is great - topping selection is great - the crust is good and I love their sweet marinara.  The service is sometimes lacking... it can be slow and inattentive.
I tried this place because of all the wonderful reviews.  I have to say I was extremely disappointed. I ordered the mama signature pizza and a dinner salad. The salad is something I would expect from a lousy fast food place.  The pizza was flavorless and the crust was just a soggy mush.  I will not be eating her again.
I love this place! I've been eating pizza from Spinato's for about five years now! And I've been to them all (this one, scottsdale, tempe, glendale -- except I don't frequent Ahwatukee, so I haven't been there yet) - they're all great!\n\nThe sauce is what sets it apart from other places. Also, I usually don't like pizza that is cut into square/rectangular shapes (weird, i know) but with their pizza, that's not a factor.\n\nYou can't go wrong with whatever you order. Perfect for dining in or take out!
A great place to find utilitarian beauty items - need a cuticle clipper? specialty hair dyes? nail buffers? Designed for beauty professionals, Sally's doesn't carry many \"name' brand items you'll see at a place like Ulta - no Bedhead or Paul Mitchel or Garnier or OPI ... but lots of bulk products that I see in my neighborhood nail salon. I go for the things like cuticle clippers and nail buffers - good deals and good selections on items if you don't care about the brand. I recently picked up some nail basecoat and topcoat - the same kind my favorite salon uses, and cheaper than OPI at Ulta, etc.
The store is supposed to open at 9am and the lady in the store seemed crabby and put out that she had to unlock the door at 9:05. She walked over flipped the lock and walked away in a huff. I was there for 15 minutes and she didn't even say hello!
Really liked the food. The fiancee's sis got some sort of veggie fajitas...I'll DEF get that the next time I go back. Not much else to say, it was a mexican restaurant. They are so numerous in Phoenix, it's hard to be super impressed. I'd definitely go back though. Everything on the menu looked tasty!
Karen did the flowers, center pieces, chair rentals, and sashes for my wedding.  We actually paid for fake flowers for our centerpieces and Karen ended up receiving extra of the flowers for my bouquets and she ended up making all my centerpieces out of those extra flowers at no additonal charge.  Karen was super easy to work and very affordable. Her staff showed up exactly on time for delivery too. Overall great experience
The tellers are really nice and helpful and there's rarely that long of a wait.  The thing that I have noticed specifically about this one is that when I want to make a cash deposit at their ATM's, it is not able to go forward with the transaction.  Now this has happened at least 3 different times.  I have large amounts of cash that I would like to deposit, but it won't let me and it's not like I leave home just to run to the bank and come back.  I make my first stop at the bank and then continue the rest of my errands, which I don't feel comfortable carrying a lot of cash on me.  Sometimes, I'm on my way to the gym and I have to leave the cash in the car (it's hidden and there's an alarm, but it's still nothing I feel comfortable doing).
You get what you pay for. I may as well have let my kids paint my toenails. Not to mention the tech was rough and cut/pinched several of my toes during my pedicure.   Not impressed. I definitely won't be back.
I have been taking my friend who is 91, with Alzheimers,  to this nail salon for years.  It's larger than it looks from the outside.  I don't think they are as sophisticated as some but  that's ok.  What I do appreciate is the way they take the time to continue making it a good experience for my friend.  Maybe I tip them to much.  As long as they continue the service, I will pay.
I was here randomly with my step-uncle one day.  It's a low key place with some interesting folks.  Mostly of the 40+ age group.  Drinks are cheap.  As far as I know, most people come here for the off track betting.  Although, I also heard the pizza is good.
Had Dad's catering at a Christmas party I attended and even for free food I felt ripped off. I would have brought a lunch that day if I knew that I would be eating canned green beans, undercooked scalloped potatoes and cheap packaged rolls with \"whipped spread\". The little desert trays were good at least, and the staff was friendly enough, which is why I bumped it up to two stars.
Stayed at the hotel for 4 days. We ate breakfast here everyday and one dinner. The dinner left a lot to be desired. I ordered filet medium and it came out all red not medium. Waitress blamed it on st. Pats day specials. My daughter ordered a pasta and vegetable dish being vegan with oil on the side. It came all mixed together not on side.  \n\nShort order cook who does all eggs was fantastic! My wie ordered eggs benedict from kitchen rather tan wait in line for cooked to order.  They were just warm. This place needs to do a better job!
While the staff was excellent, the food and beverages were highly average. We had wings, tomato & mozzarella, burger and salads. The wings had a pomegranate BBQ sauce, which was good. The bill came to $24. I think the Hilton Tapatio staff are exceptional, but the food here lacks imagination. Not overly memorable.
We stayed at the Pointe Hotel on a stacation and tried unsuccessfully to get reservations at A Different Point of View, so ended up here.\nWhat a disappointment. I had the Trout and, my mistake, asked for it to be saut\u00e9ed, it was overlooked and tasted of butter. The potatoes and all the other veggies that came with it were so buttered that this was all you could taste. Head Office had the Salmon which she said was fine.\nThe reason we had fish was because there was absolutely nothing on the menu that was Veggie, though our overthetop waiter did offer to make something up from another dish. Overall, a bad experience and I had been there before many years ago and also to the one at the South Mountain point and was not disappointed.
I went here after a late flight from Denver, as it was the only restaurant at our hotel that was really open, and we did not want snacky food. Let's just say the food was definitely lacking. I ordered a burger and it pretty much tasted like a hockey puck it was so burnt. Maybe try it Medium instead of Medium well next time? Scratch that I probably wont be going back next time I am in Phoenix, The service was OK but I have experienced better. I would not recommend this place, but if it is the absolute only place and someone else was paying I would not pass it up.
beautiful setting with a great view and great atmosphere. definitely high end and maybe a little overpriced, but it's worth it every now and then, even with the ocassional snooty people around.\n\nwe've been lots of times, and i have never been disappointed by the food. service has been slow on occassion and not always friendly, but never rude or lacking. \n\nthe filet mignon is fantastic! (well, was.. it's been a while since i was here last). the chicken dishes are kind of boring and my mom's had stomach upsets a few times, but she's ridiculously sensitive, and otherwise, this is a really nice place
My boyfriend and I went out on a thursday night for a last valentines day celebration at DPOV. Everything started off nice and were really enjoying the view and each other... The place started getting busier and our team of servers began stopping by less and less... By the time we had gotten our entrees they were pretty much nonexistent. Our food was just above Luke warm and our wine was empty.... After about 30 mins of waiting for some one to come over one of our servers came by to clear our plates. He didn't ask how our food was and didn't offer any dessert menus. We aren't really the complaining type but considering the price of the food my boyfriend got up to discuss our issues with the manager whom removed the entrees. This place really needs to improve their customer service skills. We decided to go to one of our favorite places for dessert. The  Rokerij. We won't return or recommend this place.
WOW! my girlfriend and I ate here on Valentines weekend and we were blown away. \nWe were greeted and sat down promptly (before our reservation time... we were about 10 min early).  Not only was their staff very hospitable but we greatly enjoyed our meal, and of course, the view.  \nThis restaurant on the mountain oversees Phoenix and could not be a more beautiful location for dinner. \nOur meals were fantastic. I enjoyed the tasting menu, and she tried the steak and lobster, which was amazing.\nAfter our meal, we spent some time on the patio, which is well equipped with seats, fire places, and heaters. \nOverall, a wonderful evening with my Love and an excellent dining experience.
Dined here for my Birthday. Had the lobster ravioli dish it was amazing. I also had a birthday dessert; a decadent chocolate cake that was beautifully presented. It is, definitely, a great spot if you want to make someone feel extra special. \nThe view on it's own is exceptional. \nPerfect spot for a romantic night.
View was nice. Dim romantic setting. Food didn't even really taste all that good for it to be that expensive, but i'm assuming they're charging for the \"experience\". I got the Chicken and risotto. Babe got the scallops & said they were good. We both tried the lobster bisque and it was extremely rich, i must say. They also had a great wine selection. Try the plum wine. its the only one they have, i forgot the name lol I probably wouldn't take my business here because im more about the taste of the food besides a view, but it was a very nice, romantic setting. I enjoyed myself.
Simply one of the best Mexican hole-in-the-walls in Phoenix.  Though it may not look like much from the outside, inside El Bravo sports a quaint appearance and amazing Mexican food.  The chips are thin and crispy, and are just about perfect when they are hot.  Shredded beef or chicken tacos are great, as are the burritos and enchiladas.  The reasonable prices and fantastic food keep us coming back time after time.
Chile Relleno is really good. It comes with the standard side of rice and beans which is nothing special. I have been there 4 times and have the same thing each time. Don't blink or you'll drive right past this place.
Get the \"Green Beef\" from the Side Orders, with  Corn tortillas or Rice.
I  had a call this morning from Kitty, and they have agreed to refund a good portion of our repair bill.  Thank you so much for the call and concern.  I will now recommend W J Maloney Plumbing as an A-1 company.
This nail salon, which used to be a nice neighborhood shop, has fallen.  On a day I was pressed for time, I made an appointment.  After waiting \"just a minute\" for 20 minutes, then using the dirty restroom, and being told \"2 more minutes,\" I decided to take my business elsewhere.  I will not be returning.
Italian hero was decent but probably wouldn't come back for it.  The pasta salad was old and some of the pasta was starting to get hard.  No bueno.  Overall I'd say they are coming up short in too many levels. If you want a real Italian deli go to Niccolis not too far from here.  They have one of the best sandwiches I've ever had!
Very happy with ease of Christmas tree shopping. Beautiful backdrop. Cookies, lights, hot cocoa, cider. A nice fire with seats and blankets. Ecstatic that we decided to turn in and buy our first tree here!!!
Overpriced and rude.. I wont give this place (or the asshole attendant) another cent of my money. \n\nThere was a spot on my hood so I was using the squeegee to get it off (it was less then the size of a dime) when the attendant runs out and tells me to stop using the squeegee on my hood. His reasoning, that the next person to use it expects a clean squeegee.. this doesn't make one bit of sense.. what would be the difference of me cleaning dead bugs off of my windshield or from the hood of my car? Nothing. Whether I used it on my hood or on my windshield the squeegee is getting dirty. \n\nAll it takes is one rude asshole to alienate a customer which he did with flying colors.
A great garage with a great owner.  George goes above and beyond to provide quality service, fair prices, and detailed explanations of what's wrong with your car.  A recent experience demonstrates the honesty of this shop.  I had some engine lights turn on and auto zone ran a diagnostic that suggested some larger problems but after taking the car to George I found out that it turned out to just be a dying battery.  There is no other place in town I'll take my vehicles.
This place is a great dive bar. We love the drink prices and the people here are laid back and cool. (no need to worry about any fights that I could tell) Highly recommend if you like dive bars. Also they have pool tables and darts.
My opinion of this Best Western completely depends on your expectations and what you're looking for.  Very reasonable price considering the free breakfast, free wi-fi, social hour, and a decent pool. We arrived with a young child  however and they need a little open space which is something these rooms don't afford. Overall....pretty good, if it was just the wife and I we would return when looking more for a decent place for a great rate. If we we're back with the kid we'd pass.
I am preparing to travel with small dog and need pricing for health certificate.  I called a few places....when I called here I was told \"no pricing over the phone\".  What?  Are you kidding?  Not even for the document? How about price for office visit?  NO...she told me no pricing given for ANYTHING over the phone.  I suspect it is on the same lines as a restaurant with no pricing on the menu...I can't afford it.  This was the ONLY place that could not give me a price for a simple office visit or health certificate.
I have them such a glowing review before. \nI am really disappointed.\n\nEven though my first customor service rep was wonderful, this time I got a really rude lady named Tracy.  I just did not like the way she talked to me so much so that I just didn't even book a second trip.\n\nThere are so many competitors and the economy is not great right now.  Companies cannot afford to have the worst customer service.  I did call  Detours.  They were quite helpful.
Delivery is super fast. If you think you can jump in the shower after you call in your order, you'll end up answering your door in a towel.
Horrible.  The tools were shared between customers, she squirted oil on my toe nails, and immediately placed them in the water, didnt even rub the oil in, at all.  She got up three times in the middle of my leg massage to answer her cell phone or help other clients, the actual massage probably only lasted 30 seconds because she kept getting up. and to top it off, the paint on my nails arent even even!  I am going to redo them.  I got robbed.
The worse service ever She went to charge me and said the last time I was in the machine didn't work and charged me for the last time i was in. Ripped off!!!Will never go there again!!!
STILL HAPPY!!   The other day I ordered some Kung Pao shrimp and Shrimp Chow Mein for take out that was honestly dreadful.  I called the next day to complain and was asked what I wanted to do.  So the following day (two days after the original take out) I went back and got replacements for the original order.  They did not ask for a receipt, they did not ask for the original containers back,  ALL they wanted was for me to be a happy customer.  No surprise the food was delicious as always.   Every one has an off-day, it is how you react  that is what I look for.   I am honestly relieved that I can still recommend this place and have my old stand-by when I am in the mood for good Chinese food.   Good job guys!!!
This place is awesome.  I'm a total girl and lacking in bike repairing ability.  Hell, I didn't even realize that bikes need maintenance.  Whoops.  Anyhow, they've tuned up my bike and fixed several flats for me.  I suck at cleaning/oiling my chain, but Eric takes care of me.  Everyone is super nice and knowledgeable, but I'm partial to Eric.  They've also ordered a bike rack for me and helped me install it, because obviously I am no good with manual skills....  I will definitely be back when I need to purchase another bike.
Worst return policy in town!  The store manager did not even respect me, the paying customer, enough to come to the customer service desk to discuss a requested return. I tried to return a brand new dress with the tags attached and the original receipt, however, because I purchased the item more than 30 days ago they refused to issue me a credit to my Visa.  I was given a store credit.  My fiance tried to return a defective bottle of cologne this past weekend (the pump spray stopped working) and they would not exchange the defective item for a working item. We will be taking all of our business away from Ross and shopping at other discounters like Target, Anna's Linens, Tuesday Mornings, TJ Maxx, anywhere but Ross.
This was an overall great experience. We took our very wary two year old son here for his third haircut in Sunday. We walked in and the wait wasn't long at all. The place was clean, we were greeted and signed up right away. There was a train table (older but all the kids loved it!) and a table with Lego Duplos. Our son was able to relax and play a bit before it was his turn which helped. \n\nHe got to pick his chair and was able to sit in the fire truck. He was so nervous about it, but Veronica was amazing. She totally put him at ease, gave him good ideas for distraction and did a great job on his hair cut. We are DEFINITELY coming back here! He was smiling at the end and told us he had fun. The price was really good as well.
I drive from North Scottsdale to see Karen. She's been doing all if my kids hair for years since she was at the Scottsdale location. Coming from NYC I was very particular in who touched my sons hair. I like his hair cut not shaved like a barbershop. She takes her time and does exactly what I ask her to do.
i have been taking my 13 month old son for his haircuts here since he was 8 months. they are friendly and efficient. the ladies who work here are quick and efficient. leave my son with the haircut i requested and while doing it in a fun quick way .\neasy to schedule appointment and very clean. great environment.
We had Jessica, she was great! Our 14 month old boy's haircut turned out perfectly and she was very patient with him wiggling around! He had his first haircut at a different location and I didn't like how it turned out, but I read good reviews about this location and Jessica, so we gave it a shot. Glad we did! We'll be back!
Wow, what a complete ass the owner is. Walked in with a simple power board with some bad capacitors and he refused to even look at it. Went on a 5 minute tirade about the internet and amateurs and how he's sick of helping people and wasting his savings on this business. I just backed out of his cigarette-smelling store in disbelief. Stay FAR away from this nut.
Mediocre Thai food. I had the Pad kee Mao, a dish that was supposed to be wok fried in a chili and garlic sauce, but I tasted no garlic and little chili - it was asi, asi. My lunch companion thoroughly enjoyed his panang curry and was sweating up a storm from the spice.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong dish.  Oh well, it doesn't matter, with so many delicious options for Thai food in the valley, I probably won't return.
The store near Bell and 7th St. was filthy.\nThe employee making the pizza obviously had a cold or sniffles or something.  Repeatedly touched his face and handled the food.\n\nMy slice of pizza was very good.\nBut the utensils were all soiled, the tables were dirty, windows dirty, etc.\n\nBeen to this and other Ray's pizza locations many times.
Great job here as always, but they often mischarge me...rather, overcharge me
Yet another bad experience with Arizona Federal Credit Union. This morning I placed an order with a company in Scotland for some clothing. (Yes, a kilt). Two hours later I tried to use my debit card for a $2 breakfast and it was declined. While I am glad to have escaped  BofA's high fees by taking my business to a CU, at least BofA would call when they froze a card for a suspicious transaction. I didn't have to figure it out on my own.\nWhen I called the AZFCU call center to unlock the card they made me feel like it was my fault I wasn't notified.\nThe staff at AZFCU really need better customer service training. I also bet there is no trouble ticket in their system to get suspicious transaction notification fixed.
The food tasted really good, the time to make it, however, took a while.
So ..according to The Sewers of New York, this was 75.00 dollars worth of food?!?! The food was edible and the service was sub par at best, and to top it off when we advised them of our displeasure, they didn't offer to make it right. Thank goodness we still have several days of our family reunion left!
We had a family function here and I was sadly disappointed. I felt that the entrees were of average quality , but the service was terrible. We had made a reservation days in advance yet still the staff seemed unprepared for our service. We sat for ages until we finally had to ask for them to take our orders. I believe I asked for wine, then water 3 times as did other members of our party until my husband just started walking up to the bar and basically serving our party drinks.
My girlfriend and I ate here recently and I get nauseas thinking about this place.\n\nI ordered a seafood dish with noodles and veggies. The scallops were still very cold in the center. The little corncobs (cant think of the name) tasted stale in my dish as well as my girlfriends. I could only eat a few bites and I had to quit. \n\nI hate complaining when I go places and I should have said something to them, but instead I will simply not return and let others know to avoid this place. Simply put, the food sucks and this place needs to close.
Meh, I've experienced better, pretty much covers it.\n\nThe young man who brought water and tea didn't know what tea he was serving us. No straws were brought- big peeve of mine. I dislike drinking from cups at restaurants.\n\nThe egg rolls tasted of perfume. Chicken chow mien was ok, $5.95 for M-F lunch special. They never asked if we wanted desert.
It's a chain restaurant what do you expect? ..... Chips and salsa to go... Watching the cowboys hot chips seems like good start
Nothing fancy here but the price is right: $17 for a pedicure and plenty of polish colors to choose from.
After visiting Earnhardt Lexus looking at the ES300h but not really getting serious I went to Bell Lexus thinking they would have a better selection.  They didn't but I took a test drive anyway. \nAfter a short test drive we sat down to go over the numbers.  I was unimpressed with the negotiations.  Although they were polite, they seemed relatively dysfunctional.  Earnhardt had mentioned incentive financing which oddly the Bell Lexus folks couldn't or wouldn't match.\nI went back to Earnhardt and got the car I wanted at a better price, with the financing Bell didn't (wouldn't) offer, and a better deal on my trade-in.  \nTo summarize, Bell Lexus was not really competitive on price, financing, or trade-in, but other than that they were OK.
I wish that I could have got ahold of Sherry's Pampered Pets so that I could have made the reservation that I needed. But after 2 attempts at contacting them by phone and leaving them a voicemail that never got returned, I never even got as far as making the reservation. I waited 3-4 days for a return phone call, and then made reservations elsewhere. If I can't even get ahold of anyone or get a return phone call after leaving a voicemail, I am sure not leaving my dog with you.
About what one would expect from a conglomerate fast food chain as far as the food quality goes, but what was especially remarkable today was the very poor customer service. I sat outside, and when the employee brought my lunch out and did not bring a fork, she acted almost joyous that she got to tell me that I have to go inside to get my own fork. She will have no future in customer service I'm sure of that.\n\nThis was at 2:30 on 11/2/13.
Love the bagels.  But . . . Need to have the boxes ready for grab and go. Never seem to have them ready when I get here, thus waiting in line contrary to the program. Bummer.
Went with family last night...loved it! Our server, Julie, was excellent- extremely friendly and attentive to our table. The stuffed mushroom and shrimp scampi appetizers were delicious...excellent for dipping the really good garlic bread in the sauces. :) My daughter said that the fettuccine alfredo (not on the menu, but offered) was the best she's ever tasted. The butternut squash ravioli was very rich (almost too rich) but quite tasty. The guys both got the crab and shrimp stuffed ravioli with walnut cream sauce (not on the regular menu)- both loved it!  It's a really great place for a special date or a quaint dinner with friends.
basic food, nothing special, but all tasted good.  Limited menu, funny wine selection, no multipuciano, or other usual italian wines.  Just the popular basics.  Right next to Goodwill, but better than you'd expect
DO NOT COME HERE! I'm not sure why this restaurant gets the reviews it does. First off... salmon is not white... its pink.  We spent 25 dollars on the special that was far from special.  Dried out crab stuffed in white chewing salmon. Really?\nThe veal... don't get us started.  Chewy and I'm not convinced it was actually veal. The vegetables on both plates were not even luke warm.  \nGo to Babbo and spend a 3/4 of what we did.  What I'd do to have my 80 plus dollars back!  Summed up... just buy a tv dinner and save the cash!
Terrible service & charged me for ceramic brakes, but only gave me lower-quality semi-metallic brakes. After I went to another mechanic to discover the problem, Fletchers still wouldn't fix the problem.
Got here at 645 to be first for an oil change took 40 min to get car on rack. 15 minutes in the air to get the oil drained. Watched 3 employees talk about nothing before that even started. No one in lobby to great you and the customer waiting area has garbage in it from Thursday when I dropped in to try and get the oil changed then
Spinato's. Where shall we begin? First of all my boyfriend and I were looking to try someplace new, and thanks to you Yelpers we found Spinato's!\nFANTASTIC PIZZA.  I feel ruined.  I could never eat from another pizza joint and feel okay about it...This place is in its own league.\nThe only knock on this location is the ambiance leaves a bit to be desired. We'll be back :)
Probably the best place for pizza and calzones. I love the atmosphere and service here. Its very mom & pop, but professional and fun at the same time. I've  taken my friends and family here, and both groups are quite critical in their own way... but they LOVED the place. My best friend Anthony is from NM and seriously comes to visit me because of our frequent visits to Spinatos - not to see me. \n\nObsessed with the spinach calzones. Joey is my favorite server. the riesling is divine.\n\nA+
The gluten-free pizza at this place is amazing. In fact, I'd say it's the best gluten-free pizza I've had since I was diagnosed with Celiac Disease seven years ago. Unfortunately, I don't live in Arizona, but I can pretty much guarantee I'll be ordering the spinach special gluten-free pizza every time I come visit family. Bonus points: Redbridge gluten-free beer for only $3 a bottle!
Stand up guys. Scott took care of me and didn't pressure me into any repairs. He was kind enough to quote the needed repairs and offered to just do the bare minimum (safely of course) to get me back on the road.  I'll be referring friends to this shop so long as they are in business.
So I'm a coffee fan through and through, and Starbucks to be sure is near the top my list usually. While this Starbucks is fine, staff service seems to be lacking. \n\nService is make a break, and unfortunately it's not making the grade today.
\"It's a manufacturer problem, not a dealership problem.\"  That's what I was told by\nGeneral Sales Manager, Ken Welsh during a phone conversation after posting my one star rating of the dealership on YELP earlier this month.  Mr. Welsh told me that there is really nothing he can do about the defective and poorly performing 2013 SRX which I bought from Arrowhead Cadillac in May, adding that my wife and I should just \"enjoy the car.\"   Quite condescending, wouldn't you say?  Would you want to buy an automobile plagued with problems from a dealership, only to be told that  that \"It is a manufacturer problem, not a dealership problem?   I think not.  THINK TWICE BEFORE BUYING A VEHICLE FROM ARROWHEAD CADILLAC.   2 THUMBS DOWN.
No one bothered helping us : (
The pad thai and yellow curry here are both amazing dishes.  They moved from one location further west in the strip mall to the location they are today.  The only place only had about 6 tables in it, where this place is roughly double in size.  \n\nYou'll have no trouble getting a table for lunch.  The lunch pricing is reasonable, and the service is quite good.
Amazing food! Some of the best curry we have had! So craveable & authentic !!
Love this little, genuine place! It has great lunches and has ruined me for pad Thai anywhere else in the valley! Their soups are a must!
This place is a ripoff. I had a storage unit for 2 years here. When I deceided to give it up they would not prorate my fees when I was told by the staff and manager that they prorate fees. They had no concern for my situation, the staff is very unfriendly. DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY.
I was hoping for a spectacular neighborhood diner but it's rather ordinary as far as food, menu, and atmosphere.  I had a full breakfast and everything was just ok, service was just ok, and I don't think they've updated the furniture for decades.  Must be the location that explains their success, and those retired folks sitting up at the counter.
Pinky's is a great place to stop for breakfast, or to grab a quick sandwich. The prices are good, and the service is friendly. It's the perfect place to take your really picky nephew who won't eat anything but grilled cheese or spaghetti... because they have something that he will eat.
pinky's is closed
Now I'm not from Kansas City but I started eating meat again awhile ago and I'm pretty picky about what kind of meat I put in my mouth believe it or not! I havent had a pork sandwich in a few years and I usually hate teh pork!! The way this was cooked, seriously it was not fatty or I never would have polished the whole thing off. I liked it that much! I have no qualms with throwing shitty food in the garbage where it belongs. The taste was really good with just the right smokey flavor the meat was tender and not dry. I was so full I didnt even touch my sides so I cant say anything about the fries, onion rings, or slaw. It was a bit pricey but this totally hit the spot for me the other night....that is all!
Full trash bins, over charged for free drink with sandwich purchase, unfriendly man working today.  \n\nThis is not what I am used to for a QT.
Decent selection, fair prices, but could use more folks at the checkout lanes, or at least a process whereby they call up more employees to help out quicker.
This is not the most up to date Bashas in the Phoenix area and it seems to be neglected by corporate. However, staff and cashiers are always super friendly and they work hard with what they have to make the store presentable. Its so close to my house that I love coming here. Keep up the good work Bashas employees!
Love Em' new ownership, better atmosphere!\n\nFood is always tasty!
The massage therapist, Susan, is one of those rare finds in a chiropractic clinic. She is an experienced and talented massage therapist whom I highly recommend.
Me and my husband were in the area and decided to try this place out. I'm glad we did!! Food was delicious!! I love the chimichangas and the chips, salsa, and bean dip are great! We don't mind traveling from Tolleson to eat here.
I stopped here occasionally when I'm in the mood for Mexican.   The food is good.   However the reason I go there is because The staff is always friendly.   It's like they're happy to see you.  Other than that it\"s just an okay place with good food
This place is having an amazing sale.  You buy one frame & the second is a penny!  I go once a year and buy tons of frames - I love the silver one's and they have some pretty cool contemp styles as well.  I give framed pics out as gifts quite a bit - who needs another tie or a sweater?  Everyone loves a nice pic!\n\nAnd since I go there a lot I know they aren't marking up there prices!  They have a great selection & the people have always been very helpful & nice.  I have also run in there when I need an item to finish up a painting (there paint supplies are a bit pricey) but there frames are great! Don't go during the lunch hour as they share there lot with several popular restaurants!
Average location. My order was incorrect as was about 5 out of the next 8 I witnessed.
i use to go to this place few years ago and then i forgot about it after moving to another city.i just saw it on YELP and i remember their amazing selection.I think it is time for some russian caviar.
I wish I could give less than one star. There is no communication between the staff, their attitudes are poor at best, their reception is sloppy and they are commonly overbooked, and they frequently change insurance policies without contacting their patients about having to find a new office. I have never been so disgruntled with an office experience in my life and I would highly recommend finding absolutely anywhere else to take your business.
My husband and I have been patients of Dr A. Katz for 14 years. He always treats us well, never makes us wait long to see him and listens. He has a good bedside manner and is extremely intelligent. We have always been pleased with his front office staff, RN's and NP's. Now that he's got a new location at Thompson Peak Parkway he is closer to our house. Dr Katz is just good people and a great doc.
A nice Whole Foods, to be sure, but considering the Fry's right down the street has great produce at better prices I'm not really sure what would send me to Whole Foods aside from perhaps a search for something esoteric.  Not really much different from the Whole Foods back home in Ohio I'll still be here anytime I need bulk fleur de sel or perhaps quality coffee in a pinch, but otherwise I just can't justify the admission price.
I like this little store. It's nothing compared to the giant store in north Scottsdale. However, I like shopping here because it's a little bit less crazy most of the time. They don't carry all the stuff (and no food court or bar-haha) that the other store has, but they still have most of the good stuff. I usually go there after shopping at Trader Joe's!
My 2yr old daughter loves this place. We've been twice now, and she can keep herself busy for quite a long time...a plus when you also have a fussy infant to deal with! \nThe little buildings are cute and there are lots of things to play with in each one. My daughter especially likes the school, grocery and doctor's office. \nThere's a slide as well, which seems popular, and a baby corner. There's also a little cafe area, which I didn't expect.  Looks like things are pretty decently priced unless you want a sandwich. Snacks and drinks seem reasonable. I didn't look at everything, and we didn't eat there. \n\nI will say it could maybe use more lighting? Or something? It just seems a little under lit. But like I said, my daughter loves it.
Saturday night. Looking forward to this show and we got here before 8pm. Show started near 930. So freaking crowded you can't see the band.  Its so loud you cant hear the band.  Fire Marshall bill would close the place. So over capacity you can't move. Let alone get to the bathroom. All about greed. Need to stop ticket sales while there is still room to move.
I saw Courtney this afternoon for botox.  I've been getting botox on a regular basis for about 10 years & have never had an experience like this.  The ENTIRE appointment lasted about 6 minutes!  With the proper consultation, botox appointments typically last about 30 minutes.  \n1.) She did not discuss ANYTHING with me (other than to not exercise for 4 hours after the treatment)\n2.) She did not have me make facial expressions to determine where to put the product (EVERY Dr./nurse makes you do this, EVERY time)\n3.) She did not ask me one single question about what my concerns were\nShe basically came in, plunged the botox into my face, and said \"ok, you're all set\".  I was shocked and literally speechless & will never step foot into this establishment again.
I stopped by Federico's for a quick bite to eat.  I ordered two beef tacos with a drink.  The woman at the counter was doing double duty at the drive-through so service was a bit slow, but the food was excellent.  The tacos were tasty, ,the lettuce was very crisp and fresh, and I was totally impressed by the food.  Very very good value for the money.
I have gone here a few times in the past because its the only place around. I have since began just ordering online. The customer service here is terrible and they make you feel really stupid. Avoid it if you can.
Normally I wouldn't bother to write a review for a Pizza Hut. Or even check in on Yelp. Some secrets are best kept in the family. It's Pizza Hut after all. Everyone knows what they're going to get. \n\nSo what's the motivation this time? I noticed some really bad recent reviews for the carry out location I occasionally use. The workers there, however, are consistently nice and really seem to be trying to do a good job given the limitations that Pizza Hut presents. I just wanted to give them a little \"thumbs up\". \n\nThree stars, the maximum rating allowed by law for a Pizza Hut.
Used to get their pizza all the time, but its been a few years. Husband and I stopped today for lunch. Halfway thru my 2nd piece, a cockroach runs across our table. It had been in my husbands napkins. We showed the mgr. he said that they had been having problems but had sprayed. Don't think that I will go back. The pizza is good but apparently the old building has issues.
I've been coming here for almost 20 years. I stopped after the first visit, as the place was so smokey. It took me another 5 years before I revisited, and luckily they had become nonsmoking by then. \n\nGood decent food. Great Philly steak sandwiches. The Stromboli is also very nice. Sometimes a wait, maybe 10 minutes at worst. \n\nAlways cute women servers, but service sometimes spotty. I hate that I ask for a minute or two to look at the menu, and then have to wait 10 minutes to order. I wouldn't care if they got rid of female only servers, as long as they were attentive. \n\nThey usually have a good weekly special for $8 or so, with drink. Lots of sports on, if that's your thing.
1st day for Cardinal football.  Thought this would be perfect. They raised beer prices by a quarter big deal. But the bad part is no sound for the cardinals game and they kept the juke box going.  We complained about it and they said to bad but the Dallas game that night we could listen to it.  Last year the girls could wear jerseys during football but not this year.  Thanks but no thanks
I will never be back. We went once for dinner upon a friend recommending their cheese steak. We ordered an Italian sub and meatball sub. The waitress brought out the food within 3 minutes of ordering. My sub wasn't even hot which was a deal breaker for me. The Italian that I had a bite of had barely any meat on it. Thank goodness the fries were worthy. To top it off, our check was over $30 which is ridiculous for 2 sub-par subs, fries and 2 Cokes. It was Subway quality IMO. I really wanted to like this place.
Glad to see so many people feel the same about Dr. Larson. My husband and I have been going to him for years, for regular \"maintenance\".
Dude, did you really turn to a co-worker and say, \"you take this order, I don't have the patience to wait for this\" while my 9-year-old was trying to tell you what he wanted on his sandwich? There were no other customers in the store at the time other than me and my children, so I'm not sure if you just woke up on the wrong side of the bed, or if you somehow mistakenly think that your job doesn't involve serving people no matter how long it takes to place the order.\n\nMajor customer service fail.
I'm told this is one of the nicest Food City locations.  Where else can you get a bag of pastillera for a few dollars?  Instead of several dollars each at AJ's.  Love the selection of mexican food stuffs.  $15 Jimador  with a nice glass was a nice bonus find.
WOW wow WOWwwwww! At first I expected this place to be a grocery store and was a little disappointed at first, but man was I in for a pleasant surprise. This place actually has books! Tons of them! I'm from Bosnia and wasn't familiar with the whole library/rent a book concept and at first I was offended that they wouldn't  take cash for the books I had chosen! I fought a bit ....especially when the worker said to bring them back in 3 weeks! However we worked things out! It's an amazing concept! You get to read a book for free and then take it back and choose a new book! America is so great
Price reflects quality and service.  5/2010 purchased wedding gown, brides maids and mothers (bride and groom mothers and grandmothers) dresses.  Girls were rude and our brides maids dresses seems and straps fell apart just before the wedding.
The last tome I was in I was waiting for my motorcycle to be finished woth service next door. The wings tastes awful and the fries were clearly frozen store bought. The place still smelled like rotten feet. Later that night I got terribly sick and had diarreah for hours. Clearly the chicken had turned. Will not go back! Truly awful!
Not bad if you run in a get out in a hurry. Just has a weird vibe. It is in a nice area, but has a ghetto feel to it. I also prefer the superstores to the general stores. I don't usually shop here unless it is to fix a pair of glasses or grab a couple of items if I am in the immediate location.
Went in after a shift at work and was starving. I just had a baby 11 weeks ago so I'm trying to watch what I eat. They have new flavors of sauces that Louis showed me and samples me on. So I ordered the all white meat chicken with brown rice and veggies. I asked for extra broccoli and less rice. Louis took the time to show me if it was enough rice and veggies or sauce. You can tell you have some one working for you that cares about the customer. Thanks Louis
Helpful staff! This is what I like to see!!! Love the selection and the staff was very great in helping me and my Auntie find what we needed :D
very poor customer service, i am only going to arrowhead Buckle from now on!! completely ignored at pv and there selection was poor.
Have been looking for a good deli around the office for quite some time now, decided to let Yelp help me and low and behold this is what I found. This is the real deal, freshly prepared sandwiches that are too die for! Plus a variety of fresh sausages, meats etc. Will be making this a once a week lunch run for sure! Try the #14!
Man, this place is just good.  I don't know if it's a European, American or Polish deli, but the sandwiches are damn good.  Hell it could be called Best of Antarctica Meats & Deli and they would still have some of the best sandwiches in town.  When you buy a sandwich, you actually get two, so keep that in mind.  The sourdough bread is amazing.  The cold cuts are very high quality and delicious.  I purchased a few Polish sausages to go and made them at home later.  Wow.  Impressed.
Sabas Mediterranean is a great little restaurant for date night or family night. The staff is always friendly and can answer any question you might have. \n\nThey also have a great $5 gyro happy hour! Which is an awesome deal because the gyros are very tasteful.  I also really like the falafel.
Stopped for a quick gyro to go, not bad but the cucumber sauce had overpowering garlic added, very bitter and bad taste left in my mouth for hours!\n\nGirl at the register was stunningly beautiful, will return for another try!
Everytime I go to this places I am surprised.  I just expect it to be bad but the food is actually really good. I have had a salad, a sandwich, and a melt. All were good good. : ) The service is always friendly to boot.
As a diehard Packer fan living in Phoenix, I have been going to Casey Jones' for 4 seasons almost every Sunday.  Each year has progressively gotten worse than the last.  Service is appalling, food quality is dirt poor (except for the wings), everything is filthy, and the hospitality, overall, is terrible.  A week ago I went in; it started the season off on a bad note... I even called the manager over to explain that I am a loyal customer and hadn't seen it this bad EVER.  He didn't have much to say as I gave him some gentle feedback on my experiences, he didn't even apologize or thank me for my loyal business.  I pledged to myself I will never drop another nickel in that place again after that.  Not even for a DIE HARD Packer fan...
I have a misleading cited to shop at best buy again. I bought my laptop there in December, after an update it stopped working. Spent hours on the phone with the manufacturer who told me Best Buy would cover this they didn't care to even look at the computer. Its funny I brought it in the original box and packaging and everything. Horrible customer service.
We ate at the bar. My steak was cooked exactly medium rare but over seasoned. It had so much pepper on it that it made me cough...and I love spicy food. I was with a party of 5 but they only brought one loaf of bread; we had to ask for more. The bartender was friendly, but our server was an apparition.
First time here.  It's too bad the food is pretty good because the service is horrible. It wasn't busy and the cashier girl gave us such an attitude as we were trying to decide which bread we wanted (it only took us 2 seconds max).  Food took awhile which is fine because you can't rush good food, right?  Well, then the cashier girl forgot one of our items, made me wait while she helped more customers that walked in after I waited in line to get the item, gave me more attitude when I asked her for it and the gave me the greasiest looking soup imaginable.  It's too bad the other food items in our order are pretty good because we won't be back.
Asthma and respiratory sufferers avoid this place like the plague.  It stinks to high heaven of cheap teen cologne.  The merchandise is still over priced and staff is dumber than a box of rocks.  On the plus side, it's a great place for decent men's sweat pants.  Just make sure you don't pay full price.  Also wash the clothes when you get them home,  they will stink like their cologne.
Very good quality / price ratio. Warm and friendly welcome, good effort to understand my broken English. Well located, very good comfort room and spacious. The restaurant on the 27 th floor very well. At recomander.
I went to a late lunch here today.  Great food and great carhops!  A reasonable value and quick service.  Unfortunately, it all comes with a large helping of rudeness from the person taking the orders.  You never see the person who takes your order which is a major weakness in their system.   Today that anonymity was taken advantage of by someone who decided to be abrasive and condenscending  So if you are really hungry and want a side order of crappy attitude and abuse with your lunch, this is the place for you. Personally, I'm going to give it some time because no business can succeed with an employee acting like this.
The most outstanding customer service and extremely efficient wash, details, and oil changes! Anything and everything I need exceeds more than my expectations. I go to this wash at least two times a week and I leave happy every time!
I've been going to Classic Barbers since 2003, now with over 40 visits documented in my home accounting program.  Like others, I've been served by all of their barbers and have been fully satisfied with their services.  However, I am not going back.  They've instituted a new policy by charging extra for payment by credit card .  I'm sure they have their reasons.  I hope their reasons outweight the downside of losing loyal customers.
So, I just moved in the area and was looking for a new place to get my hair cut. I gave this place a call and politely introduced myself and asked the woman on the phone whether they did only appointments or walk-ins today. She interrupted me mid-question and answered in a tone acting as if I was some kind of annoying pest. I ignore it and ask their approximate wait time and she laughs at me, says \"ugh.. just come in!\" *click* Yes, she hung up on me. The phone call lasted all of 20 seconds.\n\nI immediately called a different barber shop and took my business to somewhere else. As a suggestion to whoever manages this place, please train the bitter, angry woman who answers your phone to have some basic courtesy because you just lost a potential twice-a-month loyal customer.
Just moved back to Phoenix and decided to check this place out. Peter cut my hair and did an excellent job. I also got a neck shave followed by a surprise neck and head massage. Total came out to $21 bucks, which I thought was a great deal. I'll be back to see Peter again.
Great service every time. Always seem to have what we need. Today I took in 5 watches. Normally I go to another place for watch batteries that might be a little cheaper, but lately I was having trouble getting there before closing time. This place is open til 8pm on weekdays and 7pm on Saturdays!  Even 10-5pm on Sundays!!  This is great news.
They do have just about any kind or type of battery. My issue is with the website. After looking up the battery you need, then you select the store nearest you and check stock. Then you arrive there to purchase the battery and they tell you they DO NOT HONOR THE INTERNET PRICES. When the internet site directs you to a store they should honor the price.
Love this Jamba Juice.  The bo-go coupons come through so often that it makes it tough to go there without one.  I have to modify my order to make it dairy.  Pet peeve- it's \"sherbet\", not \"sher-beRt\".  There is no second \"r\".  If you're in the smoothie biz, please say it right.
THE BEST DIVE BAR I HAVE EVER BEEN TO!!\n\nI used to live off of Bell Rd. and Tatum Blvd. This place wasn't that far from where I used to live. I used to come in every Friday and Saturday nights. \n\nGreat place, the karaoke is great (I sang there a few times myself), and the drinks are reasonably priced. \n\nSince I moved in 2004, I have only visited it about 3 times since. And the last 3 times were all new people and new bartenders. So I didn't know anyone anymore. The last time I had been in was last year in 2010. I still liked it and only 1 person remembered me. But I still liked it, lol!
Great Salsa!\n\nWhile driving down Cactus we had a sudden craving for Mexican food and stopped at the first place we found. \n\nWe were seated immediately and had wonderful service, I saved the receipt so I could remember to put her name in my review but I can't find it. Once I do...I'll let ya know!\n\nWe had a slew of folks that helped bring drinks, chips, salsa and everything else that we needed. I was pretty impressed with the level of service we received. \n\nThe ONLY downfall is not having an Italian dressing that's not creamy. No one likes creamy dressing. Please get a true vinaigrette  on your menu. I loved your taco salad but didn't have a good dressing to put on it. I promise to add this to my roatation if you do.
i really hate to do this, but i have to. service was slower than slow. my bagel + cream cheese was super skimpy on the cream cheese. turkey chili was lukewarm and not as good as it should have been. the staff seemed gloomy and sad. it just wasn't a good experience. it really is too bad, i haven't had lunch at a einstein's in forever and i was hoping it would be as good as i remember it.
Mango Habanero tacos. Amazing. The employees here saw that we were hungry, and they were slammed. I was so elated when they swung by and gave my boyfriend and I a total of 4 free meal coupons out of a thank you. A little patience goes a long way, and so does gratitude for your customers. Best Rubio's ever! :)
Never eat here. They got my order wrong and put some spicy sauce on my taco that made me throw up.
Terrible service experience! I went in to buy some tires, so I was waiting at the tire service counter with one person in front of me and another behind me. The advisor who was helping the person in front of me said to me I'll be with you in just a moment sir, at which I nodded and said that's fine. Well after about 10 mins I am still waiting... now the person in front of me is outside the store with the advisor, I am at the counter waiting for help, one person behind me. While I am at tbe counter, another advisor walks up to the person behind me and says how can I help you, and took them to another service counter. The person behind me was foreign, and obviously didn't get that what she was doing was rude behavior, however the Service Advisor should have! I waited 5 more minutes to no avail, I left the store, they lost a sale. Very unprofessional, I will not go here again.
Friday night, pretty busy, bar somewhat busy and the bartender (attractive, female, brunet) answers the house phone and has been talking for 15 minutes as I write this..  ????  WTF..  never coming back..
Maple bacon only made on weekends! Worth waiting all week for!\nOh this place is the end of my waistline! Yikes. \nFresh donuts, need I say more? Oh yes, you can ALWAYS say BACON!!!!\nFriendly service, reasonable prices and fresh warm donuts. YUM. \nThis place is my go-to spot for donuts when I'm in the Phx/Scottsdale area. \nHIGHLY recommended. And trust me, I've eaten a TON of donuts.
Ever since we moved into our place a few years back this has been our favorite and only place to go for donuts.  A very popular and renowned donut shop has since been opened in our area, but Rainbow Donuts can't be beat!  After going to the new one once or twice we realized how much better Rainbow Donuts is.  They're always friendly, always delicious, and always a very wide variety of all the flavors you'd expect.  Highly recommended!
This company is good at cleaning your pockets and that's it. Terrible experience even after they were sent back to re-clean. This company does business under numerous names so check out the phone  number - buyer definitely BEWARE - awful cleaning service.
Wasted my time going there at 658pm Friday night when their website said they closed at 8pm.
Super friendly and attentive to the small things. Had frames repaired months ago. Went back in because a different screw came loose. The same gentleman replaced it for free and tightened up all the other screws. I know it's a small thing but most places these days would fix what they have to and move on but I really appreciated the little extra time it took to make sure I was taken care of.
Definitely a hole in the wall bar. All the bartenders are nice and they have cheap specials. They have board games (which is unique and fun), darts, and arcade games. Some nights they have live local musicians and they play the games on Sunday. Nothing fancy and very tiny, in fact most of the time you will have to order food out b/c they don't have much. The food they do have fried pickles and iguana balls(chicken balls) are really good. Just kind of boring as far as bars go with crappy country music and usually not a lot of ppl in there.
I went to Ulta in Desert Ridge and was really disppointed.  I came in to get my hair trimmed about forty-five minutes before they closed.  When I came in there were two stylists sitting in the waiting area talking to the receptionist.  They asked if I had an appointment (I didn't) and then told me they couldn't take me so late, which was fine.   Then one of the stylists, an older gentleman, found it necessary to lecture me for a good five minutes on how late it was, which I thought was terribly rude.  It's a shame, because I work and live very close and was hoping to find a good salon in my area.
I'm giving this two stars only because our server was great.  We went for happy hour and perhaps that was the problem...the spicy tuna roll wasn't spicy and tasted like they made it yesterday.  The tuna tataki didn't taste fresh and was rather bland.  We tried the inferno roll, but i could barely taste it through all the mayo.  On a positive note, the Godzilla tails were pretty tasty.  Sorry Shogun, you can do better!
I am downgrading my last rating of 3 stars.  Some time ago, I stopped going to Shogun because of an unfortunate fish incident.  Time passed, and my husband and I recently decided to give their Happy Hour a try.  We parked the car, walked toward the door, and were hit with a bad oil smell that completely changed our minds.
Our family has frequented Shogun for years and we are done. The service is awful and the food has gone  downhill. While I hope that their manager Shelly has success turning it around, it is obvious that the owners don't care. Our friends are saying the same thing.
Sushi was very good and fresh. The restaurant was very busy, probably due to the $0.25 draft beers on Monday night's. The sushi counter was kinda awkard with high panels.
Visited Coco's on a Monday afternoon (parking lot was \"unusually\" sparse.. counted 3 cars total.  Seating was quick, order was taken quickly, salads were delivered quickly.  The main entree didn't arrive until 30 minutes later (entire restaurant was empty except maybe 2-3 tables.  Someone must have to slaughter a cow to make 2 cheeseburgers.  My stomach felt upset for about an hour afterwards.. Service was A-ok, waitress had to be reminded to refill the tea, didn't take up completed dishes (manager took some of the dishes and said he be right back to pick up the rest  - - didn't happen.  Waitress was advised to split the checks - - didn't happen, sent her back to make the change.\n\nCoco's gong down the same path as Marie Callendars..
We did not have a good experience here. The food was bland and the quality of the ingredients was low.  The server was slow and when we got the food to go sauce leaked out if the bag creating a massive mess. The containers just weren't able to hold all that bland flavor.\n\nIf a one star rating doesn't tell you to skip it, I don't know what will.
Dillard's is one of my favorite department stores, it really is. And being a man, this is just for the men's section. (That tiny little corner of the store)\n\nThe selection here...is absurd. Styles from 3 seasons ago...Brands like Affliction and Ed Hardy, really?, I mean...REALLY?! (Both of which are brands traditionally worn by douchebag 20 year old men, for those of you who are fashion-challenged ;) )\n\nThe Calvin Klein and Murano booths are smallish, though both can have surprising deals and interesting finds! Compared to the Fashion Square facility, the largest Dillard's in America, this location is depressing. But on a positive note, the men's cologne booth here is fantastic, and the employees here are excellent. At every Dillard's I've been to, the customer service is where they go above and beyond.
I will not be ordering from here again. The only good thing I ordered was the cream cheese wontons. All of the vegetables had a really funky taste, and the garlic chicken had no garlic flavor.
I have been bowling on a league at this location for 2 years.  They were bought out this last year and it sure went downhill!!!  They are short staffed, never anyone at the food counter.  Plus I saw the person behind the food counter cough directly onto food, which I told the manager.  How disgusting!!  I will NEVER have food there!  The staff just doesn't to care like it used to with the old owners.  Plus now they charge for coffee for league bowlers!  They never used to before.  It's just gone downhill!  If it wasn't for my wonderful team members, I would go to Brunswick!!!
This Safeway holds a special place in my heart. It is only a block away from my house, the shelves are always stocked and it never seems to be busy.  There is a pharmacy (and they are quick!), meat counter, floral department, bakery and a Starbucks kiosk.  The staff is friendly, though often in no rush to get customers on their way.  There are some great deals to be had here...just don't forget your discount card.  Without it the prices are downright unreasonable, hence, the somewhat sad, three star rating.
Best hot and sour soup I've ever had!\n\nTake out! It's a hole in the wall. Family owned and ran, great people! I've been going here since a kid service and quality are consistent! Make sure you call in your order takes forever but that's how you know it's fresh!
They have really good cheap sandwiches for lunch
I had to call 3x  before I got a call back for an estimate.  Still went with the company. Paid 50% and waited 1.5 weeks before I HAD TO CALL to see what the status was...they were done but never called tell me..now let's see how long it takes before they finish the job. Frustrated customer.
I been going to Lims for more than 7 years. Their food is delicious. They have the best fries,orange chicken,rice, crab puffs and chicken wings In town. It's also super affordable and the waitresses are always super nice . I highly recommend to take your family here .
Disgusting. Typical cheap, dirty, greasy Americanized Chinese food. Clean your damn restrooms! Chicken thigh meat in the chicken and broccoli. Hot and sour was pure barf. Dark.
One step above a hole in the wall buffet place.  Food was edible.  Very bland, service was very un-attentive and my egg roll was soggy to boot.  I'll take my money elsewhere.
Menu looks like every single chinese takeout place on the east coast and they aren't pretentious.  Clearly I'm not in California anymore.  Fantastic.  This place made me pretty dang happy.\n\nIt's rot gut chinese.  Boom.
Oh for the days when the funny guy with the mustache was making the donuts fresh for us! I had an issue with this location limiting the menu selection on a prepaid discount offer, I contacted the corporate office and was reminded that their locations are all franchised. So, FYI there is a much better run franchise 1/2 mile west on Bell!
Average food, VERY limited delivery area, and abrupt customer service.  Very meh.
The pizza and wings are okay. Nothing special. The wings were pretty good for baked, but aren't going to win any awards. \n\nBest thing about the pizza is the sauce, which is on slightly on the sweet side, making this better than the typical non-Chicago pizza.
Super veggie pizza. Steve, is always totally friendly. Solid Craft Beer Selection with 10 or so taps.  Why don't they make their apps?..Music is good as well  but they usually have the same groups.  One of my favs in the (51) Corridor.
Friendly, accommodating, and the pizza and wings are always good.  It is one of my go to places for a casual dinner out.
I've been coming to this practice since we moved to the Valley in 1990 and the doctor before Dr. Dameron took great care of my teeth and Dr. Dameron takes just as great care.  I have a small mouth and he's very considerate, especially when performing procedures.  His staff of hygienists and assistants are very nice and pleasant to deal with.  I would recommend this office to anyone in the Phoenix area looking for a dentist.
This place is just ordinary, there is nothing really great about it except that they deliver.  the best item I had on their menu was the shrimp in lobster sauce, the sweet and sour and orange chicken tasted like it was previously frozen and similar to something you can buy at costco in the freezer isles. They are a bit overpriced, but I think most of the asian food in Arizona is overpriced and lacking in authenticity.
We have 4 dogs and a cat and it takes a lot to make my wife happy especially when it comes to her babies.  Dr. Kastner and Dr. W. are both great veterinarians and good people. The staff is awesome and we refer our family and friends all the time. They know us and our babies by name and provide old fashioned customer service. We have been to other vets and they are OK but this place is awesome! Great service, great information, good pricing, and they know and love our family. They listen to our concerns and only provide us what we need rather than selling us services and products just to make a buck. They will always have our business.
We us AZ Sunrays for Gymnastics and Dance...and I couldn't be happier!\n\nMy daughter is constantly asking when we are going again!\n\nStaff - friendly and want to teach their technique.\nFacility - clean\nClasses - engaging for the kids!
Just about any kind of Asian food is always my preference so I've tried many places. Wang's Express is more of \"fast food\" style restaurant but has a surprisingly large menu to choose from. They have lunch specials; which are like combo meals with rice and egg rolls and such, or dinner plates in different sizes. While I admit I'm not a fan of their egg rolls, everything else is amazing. I recommend any of their chicken or beef dishes personally (Orange Beef is my favorite) and the Crab Wantons. So if you want fast awesome Asian food but sick of Panda Express, go check out Wang's Express.
We walked out.  There was no reason for the poor service we got this evening.  As there were very few people there, lots of open seats were available.  We were seated by the bus boy as soon as we got there.  Then we waited.  When everyone else is already eating 2 minutes is to long to make a table wait.  We left.  My wife spoke out about how this was her 2nd horrible experiace at this location in as many weeks.  Tonight she was feed b.s., l's and e's about how there was a credit card issue.  To us it looked as if our server was just goofing off not really caring if he waited on anyone or not.\n\nGood luck with dinner service here, We've never had this experiace during breakfast, so it'll stay a breakfast place, maybe lunch, but no more dinners.
This was some of the worst sushi I've ever had, especially for the money. I could barely get it down. The place is dumpy and depressing inside. All around terrible.
My less than stellar review is for service.   We waited 30 minutes for our meals to be delivered.  When we questioned the waiter, he was not helpful, so we asked to speak to the manager.  The manager did not even come to speak with us!   We were loyal neighborhood customers, even walking to the restaurant frequently!   My husband then wrote an email to the owner, and it was ignored by him as well.   This is obviously a business that does not value customer service, we were very disappointed and Eastwind has lost regular customers
This place used to be a great inexpensive dive to grab a bite with friends. They got rid of table service, so now you must order food and drinks at a counter. What little staff that are still there seem to be inexperienced and nervous. Food quality has gone down yet their prices have gone up ruffly 35 percent. You are now paying Kabuki prices for no service, blah food quality, and a busted up environment. It's a real shame that this place fell apart.
I ordered a mozzarella and tomato sandwich, a small order of pasta salad, and a drink and it came out to $13. For $13 I could of gone to a restaurant. Paradise Bakery has some of the best cookies around but the food is a rip off.
Not impressed. Customer service we received wasn't up to par -- guy wasnt able to answer simple questions regarding products they sell. Spoke with store manager who took care of the situation really well, but not blown away with their products. Ended up throwing a Turkey in our roaster bc everyone was disappointed on Thxgiving :/
YUCK!\n\nI have not been cooking lately - busy with work and home...\n\nI went there for homestyle food and it was not good.  \n\nAlso, like the previous reviewer, the server did not know anything about homestyle food.
Quick, helpful, and clean  what else do you want?
Not a huge fan of Baskin-Robbins.....but they do have a decent deals during the week but only during certain hours. The place is nothing special and the seating area along with the tables are always in disarray. I hear this establishment has been around for many years but this one is very small....outdated....and a bit messy. Some renovations might improve it....but for the most part I would go elsewhere for Ice Cream. Eat, Drink and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
Wonderful daycare/preschool. My kids have been there for 2 years and we have had great experiences with all of the teachers. They have a Christian environment which at this age is perfect for any religion- a good foundation of bible stories, God and kindness which we can build upon at home.
Service is almost always slow and food is just okay. Even my beer was warm tonight. Kinda of pricey but what do you expect out of a hotel restaurant?
Stick with sandwiches.  Everything else is so-so.
The room and staff were great.  Great room, clean and up to date. The restaurant there is anything but good. It is mediocre at best and very overpriced.  I got a Ruben sandwhich which I had to spit out- seriously.  It was thick meat and undercooked and grizzly. Awful. I have no taste of Russian dressing.  Room great... Food is horrid.
Hotel\n\nNeeding a centralized place to crash with some members of my group, we chose the Courtyard Phoenix.\n\nI tend to prefer the Hyatt chain but Marriott is usually my second choice.  The place was affordable and check in was a breeze.\n\nRoom was good- not outstanding, but good.  Specifically the bathroom sink was barely draining and the air/heat unit came on with such a loud bang that it woke my ass more than once.\n\nBed was comfy and the free wifi was speedy enough - so no complaints there.\n\nAll in all a good experience save for the exceptions above.\n\nFriendly help all around the place too.\n\nParking all around.
Good service.  Free sufficient size samples and not just a spoonful.  The regular size is more than enough! When I was there, they were out of a lot of flavors though =(
Unfortunately my apartment complex caught fire, and I was forced to stay here temporarily.  My daughter, I and two cats came here. I asked for a \"handicap\" room, as my knee had gone out. While the neighborhood isn't the greatest, the train noise can be bothersome.  However, I loved the safety bars installed throughout the bathroom as I had troubles walking. \n\nOverall if I had to do it again, I'd stay at the Scottsdale location.
carolinas, your enchiladas ruined it for me.\n\ni can't imagine eating another one of your soggy tortillas swamped in a pool of the most horrifying enchilada sauce my taste buds have ever met. mole overload and non-existent chile. lacking any real taste to it whatsoever.\n\ndisappointed.
So after doing an internship in Downtown Phoenix, I was introduced to Carolina's. I was a little apprehensive at first, but I had heard many rants and raves about this hole and had to try for myself. After my first bite of Carolina's burrito, I was in love. It was awesome, and I continued to sample many of the items on Carolina's menu for the remainder of my internship, never once disappointed. I even brought home some of their famed tortillas - just those warmed with a little butter - simply melts in your mouth goodness. Awesome and cheap too!
I almost feel peer pressure to give it another star, but it IS just A-OK for me.  Been here a few times, trying to love it more... The tortillas are awesome, and buy as many as you're going to eat w/in a few days... the tortillas aren't full of crap and won't stay soft forever.\n\nBut for the rest, it's good or ok.  The Oaxaca burro consist of soft boiled potatoes (was scared it was the home fried kind) and really enjoyed it.  Meh on the enchiladas and the red chili beef's flavors were too muddied... not the bright chili flavor I get elsewhere.\n\nI'd come here whenever I'm looking for Mex in CenPho, but I wouldn't make a point to drive out to it.
Had some tamales, and they were one of the worst I have ever had! There is no way this place is the best in town? Now I am not condemning this place, I will come back and give them another try. I will try something different and maybe I might change my mind. But I just don't get the hype!
This was supposed to be one of the best Mexican food in Phoenix and to be honest it was okay.  Don't get me wrong it was good but not one of the best.  The tortillas were very good, but everything else was just okay.  The last thing, bring your bullet proof vest, just kidding it just in a rough part of town.  Give it a try and see for yourself.
The best beef tacos in the valley!!! I also love the salsa because it has the right amount of heat. The homemade tortillas are excellent and I always get an order to go. I would give it five stars but the building is a dump. Still love Carolina's though!!!
Food and salsa are great the service is always bad. I have been going here on and off for about 6 years and will be giving them another break in service for about a year. Not sure why you would call your order in a head of time and then wait for 3 breakfast burritos while watching people who just walked up to the counter receive their food. When I asked the young lady at the counter how they were getting their food before me when I called in 20 minutes prior she said it all depends who takes your order and who is making it... Well as I had an appointment to be at, that is why I called ahead and asked how long it would take, I told her to cancel my order to which she said \"Okay!!\" with a big smile. I sure hope their food quality never gets to low because their customer service won't save them. See them again in a year... well if they are still there.
If you aren't afraid of the atmosphere you'll probably like this. Not for anyone that has any diet restrictions. But man was it packed and cheap. I felt like we had found the Dallas Buyers Club of z Mexican Food.
Chorizo and bean burro and the butter tortillas are a must have! The tortillas here are sooo good :)
Just ate here and have never been so disappointed in a local Mexican restaurant. The green chili and beef burro consisted of 90 percent beans, 5 percent green chili mush and 5 percent beef. Both burros we got fell apart completely as soon as we lifted them up to take a bite - all of the filling came out of the bottom. My mom got the enchiladas. The sauce was okay but the tortillas were stale and difficult to cut through and chew. I wish I could say that my experience was at least satisfying but it sadly wasn't.
I needed bodywork done on my car & after asking around my work mechanics all recommended me to see Ron at at Toms Auto Works. At first, I went to 4 other body shops with good ratings to get estimates and lastly Ron. Ron gave me the best bid so I went with him. His shop was very clean & professional. When I came to pick it up, I was extremely happy. They fixed it up better then it looked when I originally bought it!! And they washed and shined it :) I will def be back... Excellent service & work!
I travel across the country on a weekly basis, and eating barbecue is what gets me through the days. I have eaten at every good barbecue spot from Kansas City to North Carolina and not once have I come close to the greatness that I experienced today in this joint and I live right here in Phoenix.\n\nI got the sampler and it was worth every penny!  I've never experienced a more flavorful, juicy, meaty rib in all of my travels! The pulled pork was so tender with just the right amount of smokiness....mmmmm. I've never had smoked lamb, but will dream about it from this day forward. They make a minty sweet sauce to go along with it and it is a real treat!\n\nI give this family five thumbs up for starting this place and serving the best 'que of all time!
Crap. Crap. Crap.\n\nYour local \"Independent Weekly\" owned by a HUGE corporate conglomerate that owns something like 16 other \"Independent Weeklies\" in other towns.\n\nHorrible layout.  Horrible entertainment writers. Great for puppy training and starting fires.\n\nCrap. Crap. Crap.
Love their fried fish with fries and the endless supply of ranch. Oh sooo good! The price is right, the service is ok. There's room for improvement. Call in your orders during rush hours.
They have good kettle corn
I feel so bad for those live Midget horses. It was so hot out there, and one was limping. My wife was so bummed, and it ruined our whole shopping experience. \n\nOther than that, it's the same ol parkn swap, just getting smaller, and smaller every year.
The airpot is splendid.  All the rental car locations are in one place, so you just need to find the one shuttle.\n\nBut what makes this airport better than others? They provide booties for you to wear when you take off your shoes, and ziplock bags in case you forgot to put your 3 oz. bottles of whatever liquids into ziplocks.  \n\nThe airpot does need some color though. From inside the terminals looking out, the entire airport looks sand-colored.
I liked the old airport better.  I hate large, hard to navigate, walk forever to get to your gate airports.  My parents and I once didn't find each other till an hour after I landed because it was so big and confusing.  My parents always hated that there was ALWAYS construction going on there and it kept changing so you could never be sure the route you took one time would work the next time you went.  It was almost easier to just drive there from San Diego than to fly.
What can you say about an airport? I'm sure someone out there will find plenty of things to complain about but I have flown in and out of PHX for years and never had any issues. I even flew out on the first day open after 9/11 and everyone was great and things were running smoothly. I can't complain, they know what their doing down in PHX.
I try to avoid this airport at all costs while connecting to other destinations.  The terminals have no tram or train and are VERY far apart from each other.  On more than one occasion the people-movers have been down for repair which makes that feature even more annoying.\n\nThe bathrooms have this hallway that is only wide enough for ONE person to fit through which makes going through with bags entertaining; especially when a flight arrives and the area is crowded with passengers rushing to the restrooms.  Yes, that's \"one person\" for both directions.\n\nThen to add to the fun there was a last minute gate change AND it took them 20 minutes to get the jet-way to the plane.  Good times.
Okay. Disregard anything else previously said. Driving in and around this airport is a N-I-G-H-T-M-A-R-E. Strange ramps that lead you in circles, easily missed turns, etc. Trust me, I've been compared to a human version of Google Maps, and getting lost is a once in a blue moon experience for me, but this airport has continually duped me. Looking for Terminal 2? Good luck.
There was a wendys. Thats it in my terminal worth mentioning.  Bathroom doors don't lock.
If I ever wanted to feel like I was in a movie I'd rob a bank for the thrill or date a 15 year-old. \n\nEvery time I've made a connection here I've sprinted, shoved my way and slid feet first to the next gate (TERMINAL). Whether I'm on time, late or early. Rieffendiculous! Who the hell is in charge of coordinating the connections?\n\nI suspect someone is on Colored Time and it pisses me off. \n\nAlso, I 'd like to speak to the architect who designed this airport 'cause this cumulative time consumption is busting my balls. Thanks Shek S.
I know this place intimately........good customer service from all the airlines, great fast check-in of luggage and the airlines are usually on time.  Food is mediocre though.  Baggage claim can be a bit of a wait though...usually 20-30 minutes.
Lots of construction going on here. But the traffic is never heavy so its ok. they have decent places to grab food and have cool trinquet shops for souvenirs . I come here cause I don't think there is a choice.
The TSA was extremely friendly and understanding
My experience here is not one that has a lot to cover. I was pretty much in and out here so I can't really give a glowing report. Usual fashion the better restaurants are in the main terminal and if you head out to security you end up on one of the satelites and then you have limited selections. I do wish that there were more connections ports for power as many people were wainting in line to power their various mobile devices. I have been in many a better airport than this, nothing overly negative, just nothing to write home about.
typical airport, moody security and the boarding areas are pretty small
As many times as I have come through here, I don't have much to say.  Maybe that's a good thing.  It's not the kind of airport you enjoy navigating within.  You just kind of want to get out and on your way.  The rental situation has been a sore spot for me, with lackluster experiences every time.  Once you're in the car and on your way, however, I will say it's relatively easy to access getting to the city or on the highway out.
I am most likely considered a \"casual\" traveler, I take one to three flights a year at the moment, and I've had pretty consistently good experiences here at Sky Harbor, plus the thought of a bunch of wonderful local restaurants and breweries moving in sooner or later just makes me all kinds of happy. The traffic around the airport is always very manageable, whether it be foot or vehicle traffic, the runway has never been swamped enough to delay any of my flights, I have never been harassed or detained by security for any reason, and there always seems to be someone nearby if I need help with anything. I even will typically show up a bit early to hang around the airport and explore for a little bit... I've been to quite a few airports in my day and I've got to say Sky Harbor is my favorite.
Had to stop here for connecting flight coming from cancun. After customs, u have to physically get ur luggage (the one u checked-in) from the carousel, then check it again for your connecting flight. The problem i encountered was going to security again to go to the gate for my connecting flight. The security specifically shouted to everybody that we need to take out all liquid we brought and place it on top of our bags as it entered into the scanner. This caused so much hassle because i didnt expect they demand such a thing. I fly a lot and this was the first time they demand such. Of course since i didnt know, the specific liquid (mouthwash) was at the bottom of my bag and i have to remove all my stuff out of the bag to get it..urgghhhh!!
Free WiFi! Spread far out, but I guess if you have one thing in Arizona, it's space
Great airport to fly in or out of.
Most confusing airport ever! I've been to quite a few airports and I've never seen an airport so difficult to navigate, that includes walking around inside and driving on the roads outside.  Just very poor signage.  Airport is nicely updated though...
You guys are too kind.  MacRae's review was on the mark but conceded one too many stars.\n\nThis is 1985.  Old, ugly, worn out, and dirty.  Time to replace the carpet and the furniture, y'all.\n\nIn 1985 no one had laptops, phones, kindles, and notebooks to charge.  In 2013 they do, and \"Sky Harbor\" hasn't adapted. Does the general manager ever wonder why people are sitting on the floor by the wall outlets.  There was one charging station that I saw, but it didn't work.\n\nDid I mention that the waiting areas at the gates weren't large enough for the number of people on the flight?\n\nThere is free WiFi.  And unlike SD, there is more than one runway.
I hate this airport, friendliest my ASS! From security to gate agents to bus drivers to parking cashiers, this is one of the LEAST friendly airports I have ever subjected myself to. I've lived in many cities and currently have to endure the complete crap this airport is in every imaginable way. I'm so frustrated with it I will consider driving to LAX just to avoid using this shit hole. Yup, sitting here now after getting effed by United on a code share with Lufthansa. Umm, Lufthansa... why do you code share with this abomination of an airline? Maybe driving to Tucson is an option because I am not coming back to this place. PHX? BOO!
Not my favorite airport, but definitely not the worst. TSA Sent me to the wrong place to get a SuperShuttle outside, which sucked in the heat carrying my luggage, but otherwise I had a pleasant experience. The security line was lonnnnng on a Thursday afternoon, but the TSA Agents were actually friendly. \n\nNote to all: You can opt OUT of that body scanner, its not required. Just as ai was about to request to opt out, a new x-ray machine line was opened and their scanner was broken sooooo I got to walk right through. Aces!\n\nI like the tables located at my gate with the charging stations, made getting some juice for my iPhone a lot easier.
I will give it that it's a friendly airport, but it feels very dated in areas.\n\nI'm not a fan of the set-up that much either.  Now, in fairness I'm used to the Tucson Airport, but it just isn't very intuitive once you get inside.\n\nAlso, the concourses that I've been on have been lacking in quality food choices.
If you've never been to the Phoenix Sky Harbor airport, don't be alarmed - you aren't missing anything. Really. \n\nOn our most recent trip to Phoenix, we thought we'd see a lot of updates from our last visit but it still seems really outdated with very few restaurants to chose from. A lot of airports these days are getting facelifts and bringing in more trendy places to eat but not so much here.  At least not in the Southwest Terminal.  \n\nI will say, I love the moving walkways though.
Gate C has to be the worst gate I have ever tried to pass through....horrible slow service and the TSA agents do not care if your handicapped or having a heart attack......they just ignore you....this gate takes the \" Hurry Up and Wait \" to another level.....still trying to get through the x-ray part 1 hour later.....not kidding.....I feel sorry for the First Class people who paid more money to get through the line faster....when they too have to wait....there must be about 20-30 people waiting to check into 1 st class....something seriously needs to be looked at in this airport!
This airport makes no sense and has gotten to big for its britches.  The gates layout sucks and you can't tell who is coming or going.  It is hot and there are very limited charging stations.  The TSA folks all had their Cheerios peed in and were very rude.  The rental car area while nice is a 20min bus ride.  All in all not a fan for this sometimes necessary evil airport.
Sky harbor in general is good but terminal 2- not much of anything. Limited restaurants and only few flights that fly out there. If you coming to terminal 2, then plan on not waiting out here too long.
Not a fan of this airport for one reason. There are very few ways to charge anything. Lots of chairs but no outlets. Not sure how such a busy airport can have such few options. Security was also a little strange I had pre-check which got me into a different line but then we just merged with everyone else. How does so much of the general public qualify for the pre-check line. It's not as bad as Midways system but it's up there.  Also I know it's 120 outside but does it have to be 90 on the inside?
I've only transferred through the PHO a couple times (so I can't comment on the security), but I think it's just A-OK. \n\nHighlights\n+Gates have plush seats.\n+Not overwhelmingly large, so going from terminal to another isn't too bad. (Vy is absolutely right.)\n+Free WiFi.\n+The mountains surrounding the airport are gorgeous. \n\nDrawbacks:\n-I understand that airports have their fair share of chains, but this one seems to have slightly more.\n-Bathrooms are kind of bleh.\n-Not enough seats at gates. (Saw too many people sitting on the ground waiting for their flights.)\n-Too many people riding on the golf carts and drivers not telling people to get out of the way. (Like me.)\n\nThis airport is the definition of mediocrity.
I fly into Sky Harbor quite a bit. Althought it's not the worst, it's not even close to one of my favorite airports - I prefer DFW (gasp!) over this one. \n\nFirst issue - way croweded most of the time - everywhere. It's sometimes difficult to find a place to sit. Second, the food selection is OK outside of TSA. Once inside it is limited and the places they do have are really crowded. Finally, getting a car rental is really a pain. You have to take a 10 minute shuttle bus to the rental hub. All similar to DFW except DFW has some pretty good eateries and places to just sit - it's much bigger. I have to say, TSA pre-check here is pretty quick though.
The dog volunteers and front desk were so friendly.  The volunteers in kitty city were another story.  I've never had people make me feel like less than a human being than I did there.  A human being who came ready to adopt this afternoon had one of the cat volunteers given me the time of day.  I'm really sad cause I am a cat lover and our cat died in November.  The dog people were so nice I thought for sure kitty city would be the same.  I fell in love with a kitten in minutes but the attendants gave me either funny looks or completely ignored me for a family that was still looking around.  The service here broke my heart.  They are doing such a great service for animals, but I didnt feel welcome.  I'll have to find someplace else to go.
I'll keep it short and sweet.\n\n- Overfilling parking lot. Good luck finding a stop to park your car. You may have to park on one of the alleys and hope that you won't find your car scratched/dented when you get back.\n\n- as you wait for a good 20 minutes or longer for a shuttle to get picked up from the terminal you'll watch 2-3 shuttles from other PHX parking lots pass. \n\n- pretty rude staff at the booth. Slow checkout.\n\nBottom line: spend a few cents more and park somewhere else.
not a bad place to stay. the staff is fairly helpful, but doesn't seem to like their jobs too much. i was greeted with an audible sigh upon check-in like i just interupted a thrilling game of solitaire. the room was clean and comfortable, but this IS by the airport, so bring some earplugs. the \"high speed internet\" they advertise and offer is nothing but wireless dial-up at best. but...the price is right, and there is a cool bar/lounge next door.\n\n2/29/08 - I left some dress shirts in my room upon checkout, and when I got back to California, I called them, and they sent them out UPS at no charge!
Big fan of unique steakhouses across the country and this one joins the club!  First of all the Wild Boar and Venison sausages as a starter with chutney were full of flavour and so delicious.  The Buffalo Rib-eye may be a bit pricey but come-on, when is the next time you can complete the Boar-Deer-Buffalo Trifecta in one sitting??  The Buff rib-eye is full of deep, rich flavors and worth every penny....Service was excellent and the whole experience was a delight  - will return!
So I guess maintaining customer service isn't their attitude. With a backyard that is half dirt. I get charged almost twice as usual. Telling me that it's \"overgrown.\"  I can say it was higher than it was when they were supposed to do my yard versus when they actually made it, but it was the same height as usual when they come. Additionally, they were only in my yard for 20 min. You can't mow and weed an overgrown yard in such a small amount of time. Good service is hard to find so this loyal customer will say good-bye to snappy lawns.
This place is kinda hit or miss. One time I went and there on a Thursday night and there was a good selection of young girls that were friendly. Then on a Friday night there wasn't a single attractive in the place.\n\nThere is a $10 cover and the drinks are really expensive. This place is okay, but largely avoidable.
Flew this airline once when I was flying from PHX to PDX (Portland, Oregon).  Really enjoyed my flight experience.  This airline flies out of Terminal 2, which is the first terminal once you are off from I-10.  Easy parking access and literally walk right in to the security check-point.  Will definitely try again if I'm going to the PNW area again.
Late night great food as always.  Very clean, and staff was awesome.
I wish I had read the review recommending to avoid the stale wheat bread before I ordered.  It was stale. Mushrooms were canned. Did not like getting hit with the $0.35 credit card fee but the prices were reasonable to start with. I had a hearty and warm and salty sandwich that will keep me going all afternoon at work. Food was delivered fast. It's an OK stop if you don't have much time for lunch.
We were on vacation in phoenix, and on the drive home our group was tired, hungry, cranky, and everything else that comes with a weekend of partying. \n\nWe were looking for a bakery that was doing breakfast, but could not find anything. We stumbled across this place, and we settled for lunch. \n\nThis was complete serendipity. We loved the food and the service was amazing, I think the girl who helped us was Ileen. She was incredible. \n\nWe all got different sandwiches, they were all super fresh, and very tasty. The baked potato soup was amazing. And we got 4-5 free cookies as well.\n\nWe walked out saying to each other, when we are back in the area, we need to come back here. \n\nThis place kills Panera. KILLS IT.
Yelp reviews sent me to this Company. They were a second opinion for repair over a personal recommendation. I was blown away by the professionalism of the technician and Dave ( install coordinator?). I would have given the company 4.5 stars but the original phone call to receptionist / assistant/ call operator was off putting. Kind of an air of arrogance. Made it past that to the actual nuts and bolts of the operations and was very satisfied even though the news was a unit replacement at $4k. Within 24 hours a crane was onsite and replacement complete. Then I received a phone call from Lisa for payment. Same attitude, coldness, indifference to my business. It's tough to see the people actually doing the work in the field professionally, honestly, and promptly get tainted by the phone answerer / bill collector. Fix that problem and this company is amazing. Overall still happy I chose them for my repair.
Ambassador Blinds helped me come up with an idea for my 20' wall of glass in my home in Mountain Bridge.  They installed Hunter Douglas motorized  shades (with a Custom built wood cornice) and a wireless remote control.  That was 1 1/2 years ago and my remote control stopped working a couple of days ago.  I called JoDell yesterday and he and Alfredo were at my house today with a replacement.  I had thought I would have to wait for it to be ordered, but they just swapped it out!\n\nThey also did a great job on my wooden shutters!  I highly recommend them for all your window covering needs!
I had a tire throw a tread the other day in the extreme heat, so I limped in here for a used replacement.  The going price around town is $20 to $25 for a used tire, mounted, balanced, & stem.  This guy charged me $30, no stem, & he didn't even balance it!  The first time I got on the freeway it was like driving a paint shaker!  \n\nMy next tire experience was just about the opposite, buying a whole brand new set of four tires, mounted, balanced & stems for $143 at Firestone!  (* * * *)  \n\nI recommend that you AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS!     :-O
Normally I try to stay away from McDonalds because they are everywhere so they are where I go when there is nothing else.  I still end up eating there every year or so with travel.  This time though I was just tired and it was the closest place to eat.\n\nI went through the drive through and got one of the chicken wraps with fries and a drink.  When I got my bag there was no ketchup!  They didn't even ask if I wanted any.  Despite no ketchup the french fries tasted better than the wrap thing I had.\n\nI don't normally eat here so I can't comment if the blah taste of my food was typical or not, but it wasn't worth the calories.  Plus I was peeved to be without ketchup.
Doesn't look like much from the outside, but serves up awesome food.\n\nOn a recommendation from DarrenC, I tried this place.  I drove right past it on my first pass, totally didn't even notice the little stand-alone building sitting back from Broadway in the ghetto.  They have burgers, BBQ, Catfish, sandwiches, etc.  The owner is, apparently, a preacher and likes to blast emotional, uplifting gospel-type music which, surprisingly, adds to the enjoyment of the place, and I am not a fan of church or religion.\n\nOh, and the best part.... they serve up sweet tea.  If you work around here, just try it, you will be adding it to your rotation, guaranteed.
The tortillas are very good, but the quality of the meat that they place therein is a bit of problem.  The first time I went I had the carne asado burrito, and although the taste was good, I chewed the meat in that thing for an hour and half and my jaw hurt. So the second time I went, I got the chicken burrito figuring the meat would be more tender. It was, but still the quality of the meat was lacking.  Again, the taste was decent. The third time I ordered a egg burrito for breakfast, and I must say that the quality of the eggs they put inside the burrito are just great.\n\nReally low prices and some nice baked goods.  I would certainly buy a bag of the tortillas they sell at the counter.
The food was mediocre. The shrimp in my cocktail was stiff and rubbery, and the margarita I ordered was more ice and salt than alcohol.I would have settled for fast food instead. The atmosphere is nice and inviting, and the staff are courteous, but take a while to get to you after initially ordering.
Called today to order a pizza was told they won't deliver to me. No reason why. Nothing. I wont order from them again. Their loss. Funny they used to deliver here. Scoffs .. Guess my money isn't green enough for them.
Great diversity of plants and they have Christmas trees this time of year. I'll definitely be back to check out the rest of the grounds. Very friendly staff that helped us with putting the tree on the roof of the car
I made an appointment for someone to take a look at my roof.  They were 15min late so I just left since this was for a rental.  They called me later and said I didn't need to be there, which was not what I was told by the person who set up the appointment in the first place.  \n\nSo this was on the 16th and sure its the holidays, but why does it take this long to drum up a bid?  So I sent a message through the website to which I didn't receive any response.  Then I called and an answering service took a message saying they were open that day and would call me back.  \n\nI've pretty much given up on this company at this point.  :/
Fairly mediocre.  Whenever I went by, unless the specific barber that I normally go to, you're liable to sit around for a few hours until someone is able to help you.  Another person said it best, \"I went to the \"Barbershop\" for a haircut, not the whole damned movie\".\n\nI discovered \"Esquire\" downtown and it's certainly a busy professional's barbershop so that's my new spot.  \n\nI can get a professional haircut in a reasonable period of time.
I frequent Jays.  Best gyro deal in the area.  The place is not fancy at all.  Don't expect that great of service.  Be sure to listen for your order to be up.  It is barebones, but my stop in Tempe for gyros..
I work in the same dying business park as A.G.E. in Phoenix. Walked over said i need a new windshield, Curtis gave me a quote. Called them a week later best price in town next day FIVE STAR installation. no gimmicks, excellent service is what they do. \n\nI have had a few windshields replaced and this was by far the fastest, cleanest and top notch install. The last guy did not do a very good job replacing the molding on the windshield and i thought i wood have to buy new moldings. nope, dood was able to fit them in perfectly and looks excellent...\n\nThis company really is Auto Glass EXCELLENCE!!!
First time impression was awesome! Sat down as soon as I walked in, the server came right over and asked me what I'd like to drink and if I know what i want already! They must have a lot of regulars that come her for a quick good meal and go. Great business. I ordered the special, whatever it was it was fantastic. Fries were yummy and crunchy. Everything is great here, I look forward to being a regular. It's super close to my company's office!
Keep hearing great stuff about this place.  So, today I am going.   I will see if I have to change by review after I eat there,\n\nMade it there and it was worth it.  Great fish and chips and peppersauce burger for the son.  We will be back.
Whataburger are one of the well known fast food in this area and this is really a messy one.\n\nI want to acknowledge first their service! I can give them 5 star for that but their service is not all that I came here for. Its their food and their service but the food has the biggest factor here.\n\nThe burger I ordered was really messy, dont know how the hell did it become that messy. I guess the kitchen staff need a little training on cleanliness on their food.\n\nThe 5 star service that I wanna give is for the Counters. For the food its 1. My final Rating would be 3 star.
Staff was like they did not want us there..\n\nwe had a golf tournament there this weekend-\n\nWe had a group of 9 foursomes, so 36 players, we have played there for 10 years. They had 1 server for 39 breakfast, the gal was nice and did her best but the management was so very unprepared.. some of the group waited an hour for their food, and never got food because we had to go tee off.. \n\nPlayed came off course and was kicked out because they had a wedding behind us.. Literally told to leave, The management was so disrespectful to everyone in our group.  I have been in the hospitality business for about 20 years and have never seen anything like this.. \n\n\nThis comes with my strongest recommendation not to come here and play.
After updating my driver's license photo on a Friday morning (because that's how I spice up my vacation week), I wanted to eat somewhere outside of my general dining zone. By chance, I happened upon El Mesquite and was pleased with my breakfast. My server brought out chips and salsa; man, their salsa kicks ass! Great flavor and fantastic heat. That held me over while I was waiting on the chilaquiles. As others have stated, the beans are on the runny side. But mixing them with rice fixes that.\n\nThe staff here was super nice, too. And for the prices, I'll definately be back when i find myself on the south side.
nice place to get grocery and gas, its a convenient neighborhood grocery store in south phx
T-Bone steak ride was wonderful!  Horses are beautiful and well cared for!
Unique experience but don't get suckered into the ride at night and then T Bone dinner at a cabin in the desert. The cabin is a restaurant behind a neighborhood that is ok but not worth the $50 you will spend for two people.
Took our guests from Ohio to see this unique place, and we wanted to see it too. We waited over 45 minutes and no one showed to open the gates. Very under managed and disorganized. We left to see other sites, could not wait all day!!
Decent food, when in the mood for Chinese I go here. Sometimes I even have it delivered. Food is good and service is great.
Totally can not talk crap about this place. There was no line today at all, food is very tasty and fresh, service is nice. Quite interesting experience if you have not been there and absolutely worth checking out.\n\nNot 5 starts for price and upkeep - i feel both cold be somewhat better.\n\n\"I like\"\n\nEugene
If you go at the right time of the yr everything is in bloom and it is soo pretty. I went there the first time and ate the french toast which is amazing!,\n\nNow heres were they lost a star. I ate breakfast there and I got egg whites and some other stuff. I went back to my hotel, about 3 hours later I had the 2nd worste food poisoning. I was in the bathroom the whole day and couldnt leave the next day for check out. I in no way could drive back w/o using a bathroom in 5 mins.\n\nI lost about 5 lbs so they earned that star back ;)
The ambience and the setting is awsome but i expected a lot more from the food.  Came out slighlty on the cool side so by the time I was finishing my plate it was warm at best.  We had breakfast but i will be going back to try their lunch and dinner.
Ok ,,,, I haven't been to this restaurant in about three years I went back thinking it was going to be the same O same O(which I loved) it turned out to be a very big disappointment;( won't be back plus they were rude
I love this location.  The staff is always awesome and super friendly, especially at night :)  Out of the Taco Bell's I've been to in Phoenix, this is definitely my favorite for that very reason.
First time going here. Horrible service. Wouldn't recommend anyone going here. I was told two ppl would do my micros n it would take 5 hours at the most but only one person braided my hair and it took nearly 8 hours. The braiders were rude and didnt even acknowledge my presence except when they asked me to pay. It was the most uncomfortable 8 hours I've experienced while getting my hair braided.
The smoky smell of grilled chicken lured me in from downtown phx. The chicken is grilled over fire and the style is truly \"Sinaloa.\" The chicken comes with rice, beans, a grilled jalape\u00f1o,  tortillas, and a small side salad. The beans and rice taste home made and the chicken is delicious.
I wish I could write some original witty review, but I have to repeat whats been said before.  It's super cheap, there is absolutely no decor, the lunch special was enough for me to take home as dinner as well, it was fun reveling in a ridiculously value-saturated lunch with 4 strangers.  Egg roll sucks and egg drop soup fairly bland, but entree was fine and surprisingly the fried rice and kung pao chicken were not too greasy.  Definitely will become a weekly lunch spot!
I was super excited to go to South Mountain Park because:\n\nA: it's really close to where I live\nB: it had all these great reviews\nC: I wanted to start hiking and I thought this was a great place to start\nD: my roommates had a map of the park on the fridge about the various trails, so I felt like I knew where to go/what to do \n\nSo I put in the address from Yelp into the GPS, and I passed by a ranger station, but once I passed that I didn't really see any other parking lots to pull into. I didn't see an area and kept driving up the mountain. Finally, we reached a lot, and found where a trail started. \n\nIt just seemed more difficult that I thought it would be. I would try going again, but alas summer is here.
What a truly amazing view and ride through that mountainside! I will recommend this place to anyone that ends up in the area. It is something to see for sure
Great Service! Reliable and friendly. I just needed a new headlight installed and they were quick and accurate! The price is right ;) I will go back!
Don't forget anything on the table, the staff will steal it! Hope the busser enjoys the new Oakley's! The 12 year old hostesses have trouble seating and communicating with guests! For a second I thought they were gonna pass me a note and make me check yes or no if a booth was ok! And don't address the manager about anything substantial, as long as his high school staff thinks he's a cool boss, his self esteem will be neutralized! A little adult interaction might do him good!
Could be the most inefficient operation.  They had one guy moving cars and four other guys standing around. Took over an hour to get a wash, and that included no vacuum as well.
I don't understand how this rates so high.\n As other reviewers have said, this is not good sushi. It's edible (thus the 2 star rating), but it's not great. I have been to this restaurant 3 times to make sure I wasn't missing anything, and each time I've been only mildly satisfied. They do not serve real crab, their rolls fall apart, and the service is not that great. Maybe I'm going at the wrong time? I have been there during lunch time each time I've gone and have not been impressed at all. On the 3rd try, my friend and I decided that we would not be returning any more.
My family and I have been dining at Sakana on Elliot for at least a decade and for the most part, have been very satisfied with our experiences. In fact, we would call it one of our \"go-to\" places. Over the last 6 months or so however, that has changed and as of today, I will not go back. Craving fresh sashimi and being consistently disappointed has not been good for my loyalty nor my pocket book. Today, my son and I tried yet again, wanting to give Sakana another chance. Today the albacore was fishy and mushy, some of the other fish was \"borderline\" and my cucumber roll lacked any substance or finesse.We were told nothing would be done in terms of compensation (i.e. taking something off the tab) because we did not inform them in enough time. Poor quality food, poor service...big bummer.
This is my favorite sushi spot.  The price is right, the staff is friendly, the sushi is pretty darn good and the ambiance is nice and cozy.  Great for a date, or even just lunch.  I can walk out full and sakied up for 20 bucks!
This sushi restaurant has fresh fish and is the best I've found for a reasonable price in the valley (This coming from an east coast foodie who LOVES sushi.) However, the service is bad more often than it is good and NEVER go here in a hurry. I've never made it out of there in less than an hour. Once I went in there and asked for an itemized check, it took them 25 minutes to bring the check back AND it still wasnt itemized. In fact, I still don't know what it was. I love their sushi but its about time for me to find a new sushi restaurant after how many times I've had waitresses be rude and even ignore me. \n\nTheir redeeming quality that kept me coming back so long was their happy hour prices Sunday-Thursday. Its a lot of sushi for a small cost. So if you have plenty of time and don't mind a bad waiter or two check it out!
Some days on the way to work I will make a stop here... I order the same thing The Southwestern bagel sandwich it's always really good I would say split it with someone it's really a lot of food plus it comes with a cup of fresh fruit... It's a good start to a day I would say.
Yummy bagel sandwiches for lunch. I had the BLT and was pleasantly surprised to have plenty of perfectly done bacon on my sandwich. Flavor was great. My husband got southwestern bagel sandwich and it had a great flavored spread and also tons of meat. It took about 8-10 min to have our sandwiches prepared so I wouldn't recommend if you're in a hurry. I'm not sure if it always takes this long.
Best Lo Mein anywhere in this town! Their dishes always taste fresh and are superbly balanced. We paid them many visits and were never disappointed. They deliver as well.
This is a decent place to enjoy a couple glasses of wine and some nosh with a friend.  I would give it five stars but I'm rather turned off by the inside seating area.  This place is best when you can sit outside in cool weather.  Especially around sunset =)\n\nOccasionally they do have live music playing outside which adds to the ambiance of the dimly lit evenings.  A relaxing atmosphere that I think is a must to enjoy =)
We use to love this place, but the food - value ratio is on the decline. We had the thin crust pizza and it tasted like crackers with red sauce. We enjoy the live music and warm tea on the patio at sunset, but it has changes so much. I am not sure if we will give it another try, very disappointed.
I absolutely love this place. I have been twice and Katie (bar manager) has been my server both times...she is great! She recommended the bacon/Squash flatbread and it was outstanding! The wine was great, and even greater on HH (which, btw their HH is from open to 6pm M-S. They are not open before 3pm though, so don't try going here for lunch...it's a chill, nighttime place to bring dates or close friends/family members.\n\nOn weekends, there is always an acoustic musician playing. I have experienced Blaine Long and Notes from Neptune. Both phenomenal. \n\nLong story short...if you read my reviews you know I like chill spots with great lighting and patios. This is another one of those....I will be back for a 3rd, 4th, 5th, etc time.\n\n:)
Went here for happy hour with my mom and sister. Was greeted by the humans right campaign sticker on the front door which immediately put a smile on my face. We stuck to ordering a lot of drinks and appetizers that were on happy hour menu. They had a free appetizer for checking in which you can't argue with either. \n\nLots of drinks to order from. Appetizers were amazing, service was great, always came back to check if we wanted more drinks or food. The only reason I docked one star was because the server assumed that my sister was my mom and that my mom was my grandma. It's a common mistake to make, but something no one should ever assume. \n\nOverall, I definitely recommend!
Staff is excellent and knowledgable.  Flatbread was fantastic.  Very cute and great atmosphere.
Overpriced and overhyped food. Last time turned around at the door due to the smell and waiting line.....
Feeling generous with the one star today. Food was good but service was lacking. I don't believe that you should have to wait 30-40minutes for water to arrive at your table or watch your appetizer pot steam for that long either.  The bad service outweighed the food this time. Disappointed. Seems like the Melting Pot should read some of these reviews to make improvements.
Great happy hour specials! They also do a special during the summer when the temp hits a certain point they give free chocolate or cheese fondue to they're facebook fans.
Our visit was the climax to a wonderful eveing out and the staff were so awesome in describing their menu and how it all worked.
I had the lunch special. My service was excellent and both the half tuna melt, which my server recommended, and the green salad were delicious, far exceeding my expectations for a bar and grill. The house-made blue cheese dressing was also great. Plus it was cheap at $6.95. They also had free Wi-Fi and some craft beers on tap.
Everything here is delicious!  Burgers on pretzel buns is where it's at.  And the fish tacos were amazing and I don't even like fish!  If you're thinking about trying is place, do yourself a favor and go!
Decent food. We ordered cod fish tacos and salmon with quinoa which was listed as lifestyle menu. My entree side was kale salad which was not my favorite. Drinks were good and service was nice but slow.
What a great Law Firm. They were willing to help and answered all my questions. I had legal questions and didn't know who to call. When I started looking for a lawyer and called other offices, I couldn't get one on the phone. When I called this law firm, I got all my questions answered and this team really cares. I highly recommend them!
I have been to Mimi's several times and at many different locations around the valley. I enjoy going there for breakfast as I am not a huge fan of their lunch selections. I love their Mixed Berry Pain Perdu, which is stuffed french toast, their turkey sausage is very good as well and lets not forget their Sunrise Pomosa to wash it all down with! While I am a fan of their breakfast I will have to say that it didn't matter which Mimi's location I was at they definitely lack in service, our waiter/waitress was rarely around and if you needed refills on your drinks you had to flag down another employee just to have them ask your waiter/waitress for you. Overall its a place to go for breakfast when you are not in hurry!
Read in the paper this location has closed! It was a decent place to eat at the handful of times I went there. Hope something good goes in its place fast.
Im not the biggest fan of this store.  The diapers and everyday items seem to be a lot more expensive here.   We did buy some bigger ticket items like a car seat, and a few other things.  Some of the kids seats and bean bags they have were very dirty and almost looked used while they kept their overpriced new price on them.   It seems hit or miss if you get an employee that is happy to be there or not.  Not a big fan of this store
Just makes your day better when you have friendly service and a yummy bagel!
This place is full of incompetent barbers.  I recently went to Joe's for a haircut.  The wait was long but stuck it out.  It was finally my turn to go and the staff bumbled the list and called another gentleman's name before me.  It was clearly on top of his but blatantly skipped.  How can I trust a guy with my hair if he can't read a simple list?
Such great service!  Everyone in there is so nice.  My husband bought my engagement ring at Ganem and they are always so helpful whenever I bring it in to get cleaned or buffed.  Great staff & never any pressure to purchase.  The only jewelers we will use from now on.
I must say that I have been blown head over heels with how Clayton and Jordan have impressed me the last few times I've come in to Jamba. First off, they're smiling as soon as I walk through the door. They have memorized my name as well as my entire favorite order!! Also, to top it off we have had some of the best morning conversations to start my day! Five stars guys!! You All Keep Me Coming Back! This is what great service is truly about
I went to this place after work yesterday around 4:30ish to get a simple pedi. Lady who helped me was nice enough, didn't bother to small talk which was fine with me. She was a little rough when messaging my legs. I got a classic pedi with callus removal, it was the most effective callus removal treatment I have ever had. Classic pedi was $20 plus $5 for the callus removal, price is reasonable, I will return.
I didn't like this place. Red Velvet cake is my favorite, so me and my boyfriend are always trying to find a good one. First of all, this place looks more like a boutique than an actual cake place. Second of all, the Red Velvet didn't even taste like Red Velvet. It just taste like a bland chocolate cake.
I probably will never buy a cake from anywhere else.  I am totally spoiled. I was treated like a Queen, the shop itself is lovely, and the cake??? OMG!!  I've tried two now, and both were beyond delicious. I bought one small one for my husband for our anniversary and another large one for my daughter's birthday.  It didn't just taste amazing, they took such care in wrapping and appearance.  The customer service is the best I've experienced since I've moved here.  Price? I thought it would be along the same line as the cakes I used to buy in KC where I moved from.  Nope, not as much.  The prices are great.  I LOVE this place!!!!
After a long trip to the nearby Hobby Lobby, I was looking for a treat before my 25 minute drive home.  Nothing Bundt Cakes is conveniently located amist all kinds of shopping. When I walked in I was greeted by a young girl with a smile, who seemed to really want to help me get what I needed.  They had samples of their flavor of the month, which was White Chocolate Blueberry.  Absolutely heavenly!!  I ended up buying 3 of the bundtettes.  Chocolate chocolate chip, white chocolate blueberry, and cinnamon swirl.  I go nuts for anything cinnamon, so that was a front runner for me.  Perfect balance of cinnamon and cake.  Chocolate one was just a little too chocolately for my liking, but moist and tasty nonetheless.  The -1 star is only because I think they are a little pricey.  But for the occasional treat, I won't complain!
I have been here once and tried the red velvet cake and it was great! If only they were open on Sundays too! :)\n\nWill definitely go again.
This is an alright place if you haven't experienced some of the much better places in Arizona.  I think it is somewhat overpriced compared to similar restaurants and the food isn't anything to rave about.
Thought was supposed to be HOT, but was'nt more like tooo sweet!!!\nI got the Fireman carnita burrito really was disappointed so far Arizona's Mexican foods is way to BLAND and wife has'nt found any she likes!!!\nThe girl that took my order was nice and polite and the carnita meat tasted good but that's all !!! my 2 star rating is on the high side!!!
Was visiting friends and found this place thanks to Yelp. The food was good but not good enough to warrant 4 stars.
Had the super nachos and hard shell taco. Nachos were loaded- had extra toppings when we ran out of chips and the tacos were nice with a little heat.
Great food, good prices, and a good menu. Only downside is the wait is a little long and the place is cramped. Overall a great place for your die hard Mexican food lover.
Love this place!  I have lived in Ahawatukee for many years and have been going to this place for years.  When I think of tacos, I think Los Taquitos.  There carne asada is fresh, well seasoned and flavorful.  Also try their supreme breakfast burrito, it is to die for!  It is high quality and really inexpensive.  It's not a sit down restaurant type of place so you may not want to take a date here.  The drawbacks is the sitting place within the restaurant, you don't have many places to sit and when you order to go, make sure to check your food before you leave.  They have a tendency of missing things in your order or not giving you the things your ordered.
The food is good, but too pricey for a hole in the wall restaurant. This isn't anything special that you wouldn't find at any other mexican place. \n\nWhen I was there a man came and bought a $20 dozen tamales - FROZEN! Who in their right mind pays that much for frozen tamales?
I freaking love this place! Their Arizona Burrito with chicken is amazing! My favorite little hole in the wall Mexican restaurant!
Hair cut and price for 2 yorkies poor and it stunk smelled bad
This place just might be the home of the best gyro that I've ever tasted. I have weekly cravings for Niro's (which I often give in to) and I live about 20 minutes away! The service is great as it seems that the owners are always at the front register to chat with while you're waiting for your gyro.
I've been going to Niro's for over 5+ years.  I think the gyro is really good.  Being from Chicago, we love our gyro so I'm glad this place is near my home.   If you get the double gyro plate, they give you a lot of meat.  Just wish they would give you 4 pitas since 2 is not enough.
I took my little sister here a few weeks ago for the first time.  Seeing how she is only 5 years old I was looking for something we could both do and kill time (summer vacation!).  This place was great.  I made a reservation and everyone on staff was helpful and friendly.  They gave us a start and made sure we were enjoying the experience.\n\nI would definitely return there again.  I've heard this place gets super busy at times and now that it is summer i'm sure it will be more so.  I would recommend making a reservation to make sure you are able to paint.
Great service!!\n(written on 4/24/2012)
This Best Buy is not as new looking as the one by the mall but I feel like the employees here are more knowledgeable and helpful than at the other location.
Went to Best Buy because they were the only ones listed for the replacement keyless entry remote.  Was in the store for 20 minutes.  Never was greeted, never was approached by any team member, even though 5 team members looked right at me.  As I was walking out, a team member was talking to another guy, not sure who he was, but he kept waving me to keep walking.  Then he approached me and said she wasn't talking to you.  I said I know no one is talking to me and I was never asked for help.  If you want customer service NEVER go to a Best Buy.  No wonder they are losing money.  Good bye Best Buy!!!
I will never be back to this Best Buy and would advise everyone else to find a more customer friendly store.
Went in to get a dress for my young daughter. Was ignored from start to finish. When I asked if they could see if another store had the dress I wanted, instead of offering to call, they offered to give me the number so I could call. Terrible customer service. I bought my wedding dress here 10 years ago. Will never go back.
Great place to get the things you just can't find at the big chain stores.\nHigh quality pet food, snacks, toys, cloths, and staff that care.\nThe store is small, but well worth the trip.  You won't be disappointed.\nI just moved to the area, and after doing a little research online, I found that this place carried not only the high end food I feed my dog, but also the brand of shoes I wanted to protect my dog's feet from the hot ground here in Phoenix.  I looked some more, and they carry, or deal in just about every high end food on the market, and just about anything worth getting for your dog, and they even have a few items for your feline friend too.
Worst printing service I ever had. The employee raped my friend's bank accounts by misquoting them and giving them zero options. We are design students at asu and were very dissatisfied with the overall experience that was offered. I will never bring my business to this location or any other fedex office or junkie locations again.
I thought the whole point of taco bell is its open late. Not 11pm, or a few minutes before. Boo
Eye Priority is a fantastic business - quality and professional eye exams by caring optometrists - fashionable and large selection of frames to choose from coupled with a extremely helpful staff. No better place for prescription eyewear in Ahwatukee!
Unexciting, bland and expensive! \nService was good, if somewhat snobbish. \nFood was nothing special run of the mill bland Italian fair.\n\nAll in all its probably not worth it. Especially for someone like myself who is really not Italian fan. \n\n\"I no like\"\n\nEugene
The waiter was nice and very friendly tonight. The bread and salad was good. But the linguini and clams was kinda gross. It was nothing new. The sauce tasted plain and the clams were already on the noodles. It's more spontaneous when you can open the clams yourself. The sauce was also really thick. If it was thinner it would have been better. The cheesecake was alright. I've had better and the portion is really small. I looked at it and said are you kidding me? It was like a \"fun size\" but I was looking for the king size cheesecake. Other than that I don't think I'll be back.
Been here several times.  Food is generally good, happy hour prices could be good if they know how to ring you up.  Depending on who waits on you, you will be charged for drinks you didn't order and the prices will be inconsistent on the check for what you actually order.  3 different prices for the same brand of beer.  I believe this is padding to compensate for the fledgling revenues and dwindling crowd.  Sit at the bar as the service is better.  Careful when you bring up the inconsistencies on the tab as the owner is defensive and condescending.  They should practice consistency.  Long time regulars complain about the shell of this establishment from whatnot was, but come here for convenience.  If you really have a choice, go to Garage across the street.  Good service and act like they appreciate your business.
I have not been to Nello's in ages.  A friend suggested for lunch.  The three of us show up and the place was getting busy.  We were sat immediately.  Got to have pizza here, right?  We ordered a large pizza:  thick crust, bacon, basil, mushroom, and 1/2 with sausage.  OMG... It was good but they forgot the basil.  =(  The garlic bread was very good too....  \n\nThe waiter was eye candy and he provided great service!  =)
Pretty much done with Nello's Ahwatukee...it is now The Parlor - Part II wannabe\n\nThey have killed what used to be really good pizza - NO ONE, and I mean NO ONE there can make a pizza like George used to.\n\nWhat a shame and a perfectly good wood-burning pizza oven being sadly misused.\n\nFlorencia is much better; even Grimaldi's is better - and carryout from Rosati's is WAY better!
Never been to a Boston Market?  \n\nThey basically have roasted chicken and a variety of sides.  You go up to the front counter and choose what to eat - it's all laid out there in front for you to see.\n\nPay, sit down and eat.\n\nI like roasted chicken - here, it's not too bad.  A little better flavor than your hot roasted chicken that you'd find at your supermarket.\n\nThe sides are pretty good, too.  Not great, it should hit the spot.\n\nI'll never forget how one pecular employee at one particular location welcomed me as I walked into the door - he hollered \"Welcome to BM!\"  I won't tell you what type of grin I had while eating my lunch.
Pretty good happy hour. Not very authentic sushi. I hate people who think the can say they \"LOVE RA\" but the only thing they get are the California rolls. If you're looking for authentic Japanese sushi- stay away. Fun atmosphere, pretty good service, cheap happy hour, but I've def had better sushi.
I've only been to this Ra once or twice, but I think the price is overestimated here.  Maybe people are having too much Sake.  The service is decent, ambiance is very faux Japanese-American deal.  Sushi is pretty good and if you go during happy hour it's a steal.  Sake and Kirin is like 3 or 4 bucks and you can get a thing of Sake for $1.  They have a nice patio sitting area to people watch. Great place if you want to catch a friend for lunch or do dinner and a movie.
I visit this spot for the Happy Hour.   3-7pm.  \n\nThe Viva Las Vegas Roll is pretty delicious & fancy if made right.  Sometimes, I've had it look like a disaster during Happy Hour.  Other times, it looks like a work of art.  it depends how busy they are.   But always tastes decent.\n\nThe music in the restaurant is uncomfortably loud & dark.  On permanent night club setting.  Whenever I see little kids eating here, I question their parents' decisions.\n\nEven during Happy hour, their drinks are expensive.  I always go home disappointed by their cocktails... even with the discount... because they're just not good.  Stick with beer.\n\nAll in all, mehh... if you're really hard up for somewhere to go, it's an experience.
Food is barely average and going down hill fast. Service is not great but they try. But they might think of asking the waitress to shower once in a while. Gross.
After getting diarrhea from eating the mediocre Mongolian Beef here, I think I would avoid any future contact with this establishment.
This place has the best gourmet shrimp, bacon & avocado tacos!!! YUM
My husband works out at this Golds and I stopped by to change the card we have on file and make a change to my membership. The girl at the front desk was rude and seemed miserable. I asked a few questions about our membership (for example: Will the next payment for sure come out of the new card?) and every time she responded with \"I don't know, I just work the front desk.\" For being the first person everyone interacts with when they walk in, I feel like Golds Gym should be making sure their guests have a pleasant experience and should inform their \"front desk\" employees how to answer what I thought were simple questions.
I can tell you they don't clean the equipment much at all, most of the staff is not helpful and bullshits too much, I have stood at the counter waiting while they talk, the tanning beds are down to one bed and is filthy, if they have time to BS they should clean the equipment, most of the equipment is older and not very well taken care of, the management should really do something, also busy and small, the golds I used to go to in a different state was excellent so not sure what the problem is here
How the Mighty have fallen , service is pure crap
When I tried to print off the tickets I had purchased on the day of the concert my wife and I planned to attend, Ticketmaster tried to force me to change my account's password \"...as part of our ongoing security enhancements\". They were holding my tickets hostage until I did so. \n\nI was redirected to a page that stated I had been sent an email with a temporary password. It never arrived. I tried to call their 800 number and continuously got a busy signal. My account userid and password were locked once they \"sent\" the email that never came.\n\nBottom line: No tickets. No Concert. Loss of $300. \n\nTicketmaster is a monopoly and they show all the earmarks of one, from their artificially inflated fees to their lousy ticketing software to their shoddy \"customer service\".
This place is truly a \"compound,\" with multiple buildings of hotel room suites, 6 pools, a few restaurants, and an entire waterpark.  It takes a lot of walking to get around, but if you can find your way back to the main lobby, they will shuttle or golf cart you wherever you'd like to go.  The staff is friendly  and they have big baskets of lollipops in the lobby, which was cute.\n\nMy suite was bigger than some apartments I've lived in for years.  It was clean, quiet, and nicely appointed.  It did smell of smoke, but didn't keep me from sleeping soundly or enjoying my time there.  My work pals tell me that local families stay here sometimes just to use the waterpark.  Sounds like fun to me!
I wouldnt call this a premiere resort. The suite was small, and needed a major update to compete with other area resorts, ie. Tube television. The bathroom was very small and in one of our rooms was missing toilet paper and a working lock. The grounds looked like they needed a major paint job and some pruning of plants.  I had a lovely view of the highway, but luckily the noise was not a problem. On the upside, the kids enjoyed thw waterpark, but at times the lazy river and slides were closed. There was confusion over the opening times on Sat, which left our girls frustrated. If you are looking for a focus on kids waterpark, okay grounds and room, this will work for you.  If you are more interested in an overall resort experience, go to the Fairmont Princess.
We had a short mid-week stay with my two kids (10, 12). Overall the place is pretty great.  The kids loved the water park and I thought the staff and service were excellent.  The room was also very nice, but what is up with the 80's tv's.  Not a big deal until we settled in for the night to watch a movie.\n\nOn site restaurants were also good, we at the Lobby Restaurant and Aunt Chiladas (they shuttled us there in a golf cart, it was pretty fun).
Good value. It's an older property but decent place and price was right at 180/night during peak season. Great atmosphere on the patio to enjoy a drink or meal. Beds were actually pretty good for an older place, they are definitely newer. Convenient location right off the freeway and tucked into the side of the mountain. Didn't get out for golf but played there before and remember it being good bit great. It's not Scottsdale but it's a great value.
This place is beautiful. Hospitality is great. Food is good. Gym is good. Plenty to do here and plenty of swimming pools. Worth checking out.
Awesome resort and fabulous water park!  Great for the family!
Great place to see a sparkling city-lights view at night.  Also a great place to experience some (slightly hokey) western atmosphere.  I love bringing out-of-towners to this place as they feel like they got a \"real southwesterny\" experience.  Unfortunately, the food can be kinda hit-or-miss.  One night, all our entrees came out cold.  Another time, our steak was mostly fat, hardly any meat.  It is kinda pricey for what you get, but it's worth it if you want to show a visitor a good time.  The FRY BREAD makes it all worthwhile too.  Definitely call ahead for reservations on a weekend evening.
I eaten here a few times and have always enjoyed my meal. This place grills a good steak, the bread that comes with you meal is really tasty and different. A must try is the rattlesnake..tastes like chicken.The atmosphere is fun and maybe a little overboard but in a good way. The magician here on the weekends is great so be sure to have him stop by your table his name is Flash.
It's true, there is a real bull and a slide. This place has been around forever, I think my parents used to go there back in the 70's. \n\nI can't say much about the food since I've only been here for happy hour, which was pretty decent. Their HH  included top shelf for 3 bucks and some cheap beers. They also have appetizers on the HH menu, sliders, quesadillas and potato skins, that sort of stuff.\n\nPretty nice view and going during happy hour you can see all the people sitting in traffic on the 10 and cheers them from the balcony.
Good fry bread.  I actually preferred it over the corn muffins that were also in the bread basket.  Salmon was ok, nothing to write home about.  Price-y menu for little young me who wouldn't be able to eat enough food to justify the pricetag.  \n\nI'd say the best thing about this place is the view!  The resort has other restaurants with better-tasting meals, so try the happy hour here, but grab lunch and dinner elsewhere.
It is highly recommended by my colleague down here.  The atmosphere is great, cowboy themed restaurant and this is a great band playing.  We are seating by the windows and you can see a great view of Phoenix.  I ordered a T-bone steak but I have to say the the steak is good except it is not hot enough.  It will be much better if they can heat up the plate a little bit before they served the steak.
Fun atmosphere, great drinks and tasty food. My wife and I had a great dinner here we will be back when were back in Phoenix :)
Perks: fun atmosphere and great views. Cute slide from second floor that kids and adults alike were smiling as they went down. Probably one of the best views of the Valley and big outdoor patio that is great for photos.\n\nCons: the food. Ugh. My burger was overcooked and the bun was hard. The fries were barely warm. My husband wanted a steak for his birthday which he described \"was okay once he reached the middle.\" Vegetarian friend was served Mac and cheese with meat in it but server was very apologetic. Other friend said her beef ribs were pretty good, but, all in all, very overpriced for the quality of food. All that saves this place is the ambiance which, for some people, is enough. \n\nI personally, wouldn't return.
View was incredible. Service was quick and nice. Fried bread was delicious.  Steaks were mediocre.  Vegetables and sides were awful.
Worst service EVER for large parties. We had a party of 12 in celebration of my father in law's 50th birthday. We ordered our food and it took over a hour and a half for it to come out!!! I'm sorry but that's just terrible. Every time we asked the waiter about our food he said \"Oh, it will be out in a few minutes\". We watched every table around us eat their food and leave before we even got our food. These parties were anywhere from 6-10 people so I don't understand why it took so long for 12 people. \n\nThe food itself was nothing impressive either. The best part about the dinner was probably the Indian fry bread. Everything else was edible.\n\nWe will definitely never be eating here again.
A good place to go!  I have found they have good food and good service.  This seems to be consistent from visit to visit.  \n\nI would recommend that you give this place a try because I think you will enjoy it.\n\nWhen you go in - tell them that Chris from Yelp recommended you go there.  They will have no idea who the hell I am but it might provide some interesting entertainment and a good laugh or two!\n\nEnjoy the views from this hilltop location!
First, let's start with a few positives....\nGreat view!!! Yesterday, I was very disappointed in Rustlers Rooste! We made reservations for 5 pm, arrived at 4:45 and did not get seated until 6:20 pm. Many families were in same boat! It was a chaotic scene yesterday! Service was horrible, mashed potatoes were WAY too salty and pumpkin pie was super soggy / sugary! The only thing they got right was the turkey and yummy salad. For next thanksgiving, please honor your reservations! People don't mind waiting 15 to 30 minutes... But really an hour and a half??? You got the view going for you but that is about it! A total disappointment Rustlers Rooste... Why?
More interested in money than your teeth,. Always pushing unneeded cosmetic procedures ( I'm 50, i dont need braces!).  Horrible customer service.  Billing practices are irregular, confusing  and they are unable to explain why we paid so much more than the estimate. They never returned any of my calls for explanation.  we are getting a new dentist!
Simply put...I've had better.  I ordered two meals with fried rice.  The rice contained hard pieces that were uneatable, yuck!  Crab ragoons had an imitation crab flavor and sadly to say, I think Panda Express does it better.
Started coming here every now and then because it's close to where I work so if I don't have time at my home gym I'll make it up here.  I try to avoid that happening though because I dislike this gym that much.  The staff is average as they are at most LA Fitness locations, some are very friendly but the majority just seem bored.  The layout of the equipment seems strange, related body parts aren't really grouped together and the equipment itself is older and not very up to date.  This next thing I know isn't the gym's fault but it's something I've noticed at this location especially and it's male gym-goers ogling a bit too much.  It's really annoying when you're running on a treadmill and a couple guys just stops and stares at you very obviously.  So like I said, I come here if I have no choice but I try to keep it from happening when possible.
First time to Waffle House and we were not disappointed. Selection is basic but service was friendly and the hot and delicious was served in under 5 minutes. We were headed out of town and this place was perfect for a hot meal on the go.
I really really wanted to like this place because it's relatively close to our house. The prawns on our salad were not cooked all the way, and the Tom Yum Gong soup was bland. Not sure how you can make that soup bland, but they did it. The under-cooked food was enough to cure me for life - I won't go back.
Heard good things, but, did not even measure up. Very bland...really man? It's Thai how can it be flavorless? Don't waste your time!
If you like Thai food it is pretty good. But I guess I was spoiled while visiting Thailand that it's oilier food than I experienced with original Thai food. It's ok but I'm still looking for a more legit Thai food place. There's always a mom n pop shop somewhere especially when there's another Thai Basil 2-3 miles down the road.
I'm really surprised at all the good reviews of this place. We have been trying to find a good Indian place in the area and chose here because of the good reviews. The bottom line is that all of the food was extremely bland. We got the vegetable samosa,  shrimp vindaloo, Bangan Bhartha, and garlic naan. The vegetable samosa's crust was very hard and didn't flake off like I'm used to, the filling was average (this was the best tasting thing we got). The shrimp vindaloo was in a very watery bland sauce that reminded me of italian tomato sauce. The Bangan Bhartha was just unbelievably bland. The atmosphere of the place was not bad and the service was pretty good. I didn't even want to keep eating after the first couple of bites.
This place is the spot for lunch! I mean come on. Its Indian food buffet style! What's not to like about that. They serve you garlic naan or plain naan also buffet (all you can eat). The have all the standard fare as well as basmati rice. I always eat about a metric ton of food and when I get the bill... That's right $10. Starbucks costs more than that!! Definitely try this place out.
I really like star of India. I usually get their chicken tikka masala. I also enjoy their vegetable korma. What stands out for me is their special naan.  Naan bread stuffed with maraschino cherries, coconut, and nuts. I've yet to find it at any other Indian restaurant. \n\nI agree with another reviewer that the place needs a decorating update. It kind of looks a little shabby. Doesn't bother me much, I just really like the food. When I was going there on a regular basis the owners seemed to know who I was and, they were very friendly. \nI have been going to Star of India for the past three years on my birthday.  Always a good birthday treat.
Big sandwiches.  Big.\n\nBread is great on a good day and fair when they don't have it fresh.\n\nMom loves the Philly cheese-steak.\n\nI like the Italian.  I always ask for hot peppers.\n\nOrdering and paying can be a bit confusing.  Best thing to do is to order and immediately go to the cash register to pay.  Otherwise you have your sandwich, you're hungry and then you have to go pay.  I'm not sure how they don\"t get ripped off.  It would seem to me it would be easy to order, wait, take and leave. \n\nThe chips they offer, name escaping me now, are very good.  I know that at most sandwich places I do not get chips but here I do.  BBQ is my favorite here.
So dissapointing! I ordered the club that claims to be \"piled high\" with turkey ham lettuce mayo and cranberry sauce... Triple decker style.  I opened my sandwich and thought I had been given the wrong one. It was as tall as a sandwich with only 2 pieces of bread which was the first bad sign considering there was a 3rd piece of bread in there. The turkey was ok but the ham was minuscule and looked like Walmart pressed ham... Yuck! And the lettuce; one little sliver of iceberg. Waste of money!
I have eaten here two times now the first time it was pretty dead in the place and there was what looked like a group of kid's part of the family... My server seemed to cater to that group over me I am a paying customer keep that in mind... I ordered the General Tso's Chicken (Crunchy fried white meat tossed with scallions in a spicy sauce. I was a good meal nothing above and beyond... The second trip was for a lunch and I ordered the Mongolian beef (Spicy marinated beef saut\u00e9ed with scallions and sweet yellow onions served over a bed of crispy rice noodles and sprinkled with sesame seeds... This was a really good meal and great service so let's hope the third this as good.
We went to Mr Chao's Friday night to get away from the Wild Horse Pass Resort for a while.  The food is fantastic!  We loved it so much that we went back on Saturday after a full day of golf.  We were told the owner cooks all of the food, try the dumplings.  This is a hidden jewel....
This practice sends out junk mail and there is no way  to get off.  From now on I am going to write a negative review about everyone who sends me junk mail
Do research on karate and compare schools. This school puts emphasis on katas and teaches very little sparring. Ranks are questionable at best. If you want to do nice katas and you do not care about learning real karate or practical self defense this school may work for you. This school is also not at many locals tournaments, red flag. Took my child out and put them in another school. He's now having to relearn everything and realizing they could have gotten really hurt becouse they thought they were learning self defense. It's dangerous. But, if you want to exercise and learn Kata dancing and point sparring this could be a good fit, otherwise please do your homework.Teenagers are doing most the teaching. Or adults with new black belts.
Called for an appointment and to make sure that they received my vision insurance plan as the plan website recommend this place. \nA totally rude lady picks the phone and after I ask about the plan and is obvious that my question is making her life difficult,  she puts me on hold for about 3 minutes comes back tell me that they don't take the insurance. When I explained that their website recommends them puts me on hold again for 5 minutes and again picks the phone ask me if I want to make an appointing without an insurance completely rude and without any concern of customer care. I told her that I was just going to check with my plan  and she hung up the phone on me. There are so many other stores like this in the area but was the closes home but in definitely going somewhere else.
Hey it's Taco Bell - what do you want?  I'm giving this three stars because it's A-Ok which is Yelp's rating system.\n\nIf you haven't been to a Taco Bell before then I don't know what to tell you - it's cheap imitation Mexican food with questionable quality ingredients.  It's not like you're going to take the pope here for a visit though, you're just getting some food.\n\nThe staff at this location are helpful and pleasant, and that's really all I ask for.  I don't come here often, but it's true to the Taco Bell brand.
I usually have excellent service at this location, so maybe this was an off day.  I dropped my car off and asked how long for a tire rotation.  They said 45-60mins max.  After 60 mins of waiting, my car still hadn't been moved or worked on.  I couldn't wait any longer, especially since service hadn't begun yet, so I asked for my keys.  The manager was very apologetic and sincere and asked me to wait a little longer, but I had an appointment to get to...so off I went  Service could have been better if they kept me informed of the delay, I'm pretty understandable, but there was no communication.  I will still try them again.
Summary: every dish, and I mean every dish tasted like it was under a heat lamp for 6 hours. I expected much more. They had a great selection of sushi, classic Chinese dishes, stir fry counter, and extensive seafood bar. It is a shame that all were so bland. I will not be back.
The food is generally bad -- the soup was not hot, the beef was overcooked, and overall unflavorful.  We thought there would be sushi, especially with the $12 per person weekend price, but there was no sushi.  There was a very small variety of food -- everything was stale and cold.  The clams and crab were flavorless.  We were very disappointed.  However, compliments to the waiter, who was very friendly.
I used to love going to this Starbucks! Unfortunately, I do not feel the same way after their recent remodel. I figured they would expand to the small vacant room next door or even add more chairs (since it's always so busy here). It looks like they went to ikea and bought the cheapest furniture they could find and limiting any seating space. \n\nThis is a pretty busy Starbucks compared to many others I've been to. It's just disappointing.
BAD!!!\n\nI have had great Italian fare from NY to New Jersey. Also being Italian growing up with homemade Italian food from sauce, to pizza to canolis. From a Italian who knows the food this place is no good, it's not homemade it tastes worse than Olive Garden, and I hate OG and their fake Italian crap.. The noodles are obliviously not homemade. the sauce bland.you throw down nearly 30 bucks for crappy commercialized Italian? I think the only thing I enjoyed half way was the salad, but who can mess up a salad? \nI seen plenty of the older crowd here, I think this is the only thing that keeps this place going.\n\nBell' Italia - You get two thumbs down from me - I'm not coming back
Saw Dr. Hetrick..I went to this office for Chronic headaches and neck pains. I felt like they did not care about my health condition and now I have Migraines. I told them I take medication that helps me a bit to get through the day but gets worse to the point where i'm out of it.What's their fix, a bag full of more medications (watch out liver) feels like they thought I was faking or something. Worst place to go really unhappy that I wasted my money and time
Excellent food as always
It was an average restaurant. Mill gravy is to sweet and as other reviewer stated needs more pepper and really could use chunks of sausage. The smoked sausage was very good, would love the gravy with it in it. For breakfast the price is right. Service was great I'd give our girl a 5 star as she was prompt and nice, took good care of her customers. Our food was delivered very very fast I was shocked.
This location is clean and efficient.  Our waitress was awesome and had our order in and food out VERY quickly.  The food is all fantastic and of good quality.
If you don't like a wait don't come here on Saturday or Sunday morning because it's inevitable. Other than that any other time you can pretty much walk right in without a wait. The food is average American Comfort with the huge Southern Hospitality portions us fat Americans have grown to love and expect. The service is usually A+ ( on average I usually tip the servers 25% because they are so nice and welcoming). I prefer the Breakfast menu over the Lunch & Dinner selection. My favorite breakfast is the Blueberry pancakes that's served with REAL blueberry syrup, I usually get bacon and scrambled eggs on the side. For dinner you can't go wrong with the Catfish or Chicken Fried steak. The price or the food and quantity/quality are right on. Don't expect fine dining here but do enjoy the fat induced food coma afterwards.
I've gone there several times just for breakfast and have never been disappointed. I love the service. They are very friendly and thoughtful. I love the hash browns  and the grits. Seems like a old fashion combo. The food is always warm to hot when I get it. The coffee is always full and I don't have to hunt down the wait staff to get my coffee filled. My mom came down from Montana and she loved the wall decorations (she could relate) and the over all experience.
This is a great library. It's in a good location, the WIFI is free and there's a good selection of items. They recently started stocking television shows, which is awesome! They have both old and new shows on DVD and the best part is, they're free! I really love the hold system. If there's something I want at another library, I can just place a hold and within a few days, it's shipped to me and I can pick it up. \n\nThe staff is pretty great at this location. Everyone i've encountered has been helpful and nice. All the librarians who do storytime are great! The shelvers manage to keep the shelves in decent order and the check out desk is quick with my holds!
Been here a couple of times now - like that you can really customize your burger and the fries or onion rings that go with it.  Also enjoy sitting outside by the fountain or fireplace and that I can take the dog !  But it is a little bit pricey for a burger, so usually only go when I have have a groupon/deal chicken - but it is a good pit stop before a movie.  Don't ask too many questions though as english is a struggle for the cook especially.
We like to come in here to shop for clothes and luggage.  You can find some great deals in here.  The selection of luggage is pretty good too.  I've found some great carry on bags.\n\nIt can get really busy here, especially on weekends.  The best time to shop is mid-week in the middle of the day.  The employees here are usually friendly and the store is kept clean.\n\nReturn Factor - 60%
CPK is one of my favorite restaurants and this location was by far the worst one I visited. First of all, the waitress never offered me any bread. No biggie. I ordered a soup, starter salad, and a pasta. The baked potato soup was so thick, it actually tasted pretty bad; the starter salad was a disappointment because the greens were kind of dried out, and the pasta (chicken tequila) sauce was watery. Overall, it was a pretty bad meal.
I read the bad reviews about the tailor but I have been there about 4 times and everything has looked good every time. I think the last 3 times I have just pinned the stuff myself so not sure about how anything he needs to pin works out. I just go because it's convenient but I just did pay $20 to have a dress hemmed. Not sure what they would charge elsewhere but I haven't had any problems so far so I keep going.
On our way to the movie theater, we decided to grab a quick breakfast. Fortunately, it was late enough (9:50am) that there wasn't a line. Since I normally do not eat breakfast at Paradise Bakery, I had to hang back and take in the menu. Luckily, the employees were really nice and waited while I decided. After ordering, our food came quickly. I ordered the Asiago breakfast sandwich - bacon, egg, and Vermont white cheddar on a bagel. I subbed for a plan bagel with no hassle. It was relatively inexpensive and filling. I'd order it again if I was ever in the area for breakfast. My husband ordered a slice of coffee crumb cake - it was delicious! Soft and tasty with a nice crunchy topping. This is a great place for a quick bite to eat.
I had to give this place two stars because I came once and it was good and once and it was terrible.\n\nThe first time was right before closing so they were fast and wanted me out of there. Efficient and he girl gave me a free drink.\n\nI came at 4PM during the week and they had an ancient lady workings the cash register with 7 people in line. I finally asked for another cashier and they brought out an equally old cashier. I'm sorry but when you are busy then you need quick cashiers.\n\nIt was painfully slow. The only reason I stayed is because I wanted a cookie.\n\nGet your act together.
I LOVE this Petsmart! I shop here, adopted my cat and my dog here, use the grooming salon (well, not personally) and just really like everything about it and its employees! They really go above and beyond to help you figure out and find what you need.
The groomers there werent very nice to my dog, hes very sweet and well behaved. When I got my cat groomed she still had loose hairs all over her. However, there hours are great! 8 am-8 pm. It cost about $65 bucks to bathe and groom my cat. More money for my dogs.
This place is pretty good. I was surprised. The service was just ok though.
Had great service here but the food was nothing special & the atmosphere wasn't either. Unless you are drinking beer & watching sports there really is no reason to be here.
Ick. Surprised this location has not been closed. There is seldom anyone there, the food is terrible and smells like dirty wet towels when you first walk in. Attention health dept, time for a spot check.
Not really a fan of this place, decided to go because my friend and seen a 2 for 1 deal which was an entree and an appetizer or dessert for $10. So we thought why not. I had a house salad, and the chicken brushetta pasta. The chicken on the the pasta was not fresh tasted like cardboard. Will not be going back.
Yet again I had to go to this place and yet again I come up with the same question\n\" WHO CAME UP WITH THE IDEA OF SERVING WATER IN THOSE SMUDGY BOTTLES??\"\nand YES! yet again i saw some floaters in my water....i would make this a 1 star review if not for the chicken marsala and hot complimentary bread
The food was awful. My mushroom ravioli was rubbery and so unappetizing looking they should have been ashamed to let it out of the kitchen. My daughters chicken was so overcooked she could not cut it. The waiter told us we should have sent it back but he did not come back to check on us. Will never go back to this location again. Stay away there are a lot of other restaurants nearby try one of those
I have been going to rebeckha lafferty for years..best at cutting very thick hair and colors knowledge is great. .only go to her. .If she is off wait till she is available. ..
Love the food, especially the fries where it's peeled and cut daily, never frozen potatoes.  Everything is so perfect here and up to you on what you want and don't want on your burgers.  It gets super busy lunch and dinner time, so be ready to wait up to 10 minutes for your food after you order.  Must try!
Such a fun place for kids and parents both.  Great place to make gifts or just to have fun.  So fun.
This place is always busy and if you come to late in the day you may find that the bagel selection is... well, it might suck my after the lunch rush.  The food is good and the manager is friendly.... but I'm always a little disappointed in how often I see the employees talking among themselves instead of getting the orders out.  I also don't like to see how messy the floor is behind the counter- they could use some extra umph in the cleaning department to keep things looking sanitary.  The bagel crumbs and crumpled napkins that often litter the floor behind the counter is a definite turn off.
Do not go for a car wash or a oil change. I went twice to give them a second chance. I have never gone to a car wash with such awful service my 8 year old has done a better job washing my car. I don't even know why I tipped them shame on me! I asked them to replace my air filter twice and they still couldn't get it right. I don't know how they stay in business. They kept pushing me to add all these extras. So pushy. Save you money go else where.
Their kitchen closes way too early !  \nLay-out of the whole place isnt good and needs to be improved.\nThere simply is something wrong with the over-all lay-out of Marcel's that doesnt make you feel at home. \n                         Rest rooms arent maintained. Always strewn with paper all over. Everything inside is Boring and DULL!\nThe place needs MAJOR MAJOR SURGERY!\nMy guess is the business is probably out for sale. To say this place sucks is an understatement!
Meh. I've experienced better.
Do not rent at at this place or at least do not rent the apartments over the garages.  They are poorly insulated if done at all and with the heat from the cars and being on the second floor, AC can go over $300 per month for a studio apartment!!  We complained to management, they didn't care at all or even acknowledge the issue.  Then they charged for 'carpet cleaning' on move out.  The apartment had WHITE CARPET.  This was totally bogus, it was the same condition as when we moved in, nothing out of ordinary.  Only stayed one lease period, could not afford the excessive AC charges.
Lobster pot stickers, divine Butterfish, seared Ahi , chocolate lava cake all to die for!!
My coworkers and I are here for a convention and came here for Dinner last night. \n\nOur waiters Scott and Adele were quick, attentive and really nice. \n\nWe have the pork belly dim sum as an appetizer, which was phenomenal! For my entree I had the hanger steak. For the price, I expected a bit more to it. When it says it includes carrots and peas, they meant one carrot and one pea :p But the steak was cooked perfectly ad tasted amazing. The rest of the group really enjoyed their dishes as well.  \n\nMargarita tasted good, but was a little weak, I stuck to beer after having one. Per my coworkers they had a great Pinot. \n\nHad a really nice time :)
So slow! Waited 30 min between courses. Entree dish was barely warm- the manager removed the charge for the dish. Food was good, not the service I expect at its price point. Disappointing.
ordered the steak sandwich (medium rare).  Came out cooked medium.  Still very delicious.  French fries were not good, way too salty.  Server seemed as though he did not want to be there, with a grouchy attitude.
I've recently become a huge pho fan, so I was excited to try Tea Light Cafe, which is right in my neighborhood.  While it wasn't quite as authentic as a place I was recently turned onto in Downtown LA, it was still very tasty  and fresh.  A cup of hot tea and a bowl of pho is always wonderful on a cold winter day!  At $8, it's enough for two to share, or it can be two meals for one person!  We don't exactly have a lot of independent ethnic restaurants in this area, so it's nice to have Tea Light Cafe serving up yummy Vietnamese food - hopefully people will continue to support it.
Ate here for lunch the other day, food was pretty meh. I'd give 2.5 stars if I could, the spring rolls were very nice and stuffed with shrimp. However, the order of chicken I had was completely dried out -- it was seriously like eating chalk. The flavor was ok, I guess, but the meat was so overcooked it was impossible to really tell.
Love Tea Lite but will now frequent much less.  Why, because they stopped making one of the best sandwiches on the planet.  As of about a week ago, we were told by the person running the counter that they have stopped making their version of the Banh Mi, which is a great chicken sandwich.  Was told it was too difficult to make.  Why you would take the item off of the menu that Phoenix Magazine listed as one of the 20 best sandwiches in the city doesn't make sense.  Bring it back!
Worth everything you pay here.  I used to drive about 7 miles for Pho, but now I come here, less than a mile away for my fix.  I love to order the beef special with rare beef, brisket, and beef balls to go.  Their broth is really clear.  Their egg rolls are really good as well.  Worth the try if you live in the area!
I have nothing to compare this too as I've never eaten Vietnamese food ever. I've also never tried pho. Stopped here for lunch on a whim and it was delicious! The place was packed (good sign) and my husband and I got the sampler thing (pho, egg and spring roll). It was all yummy although we had no idea what to do with all the extra - the sauces and things that came on the side- we needed a tutorial! We will be back!!
Good theatre, got tickets and good seats... Air conditioning worked well, bathrooms were very clean... And so were the floors in the theatre.
Absolutely love the service at Audi Scottsdale! I own my 2nd Audi and highly recommend. Wouldn't own any other brand. My service consultant, Jason, is the best!
After submitting my concerns via Yelp, I was contacted by Alane B. She got me in touch with Bobby Perich (General Manager) who offered to assist in the second party shipping issues. I was able to purchase the manuals through a local dealership and have them fix the underhood damage. I submitted my costs to the shipper and am waiting a response. In the mean time, Bobby offered to reimburse my costs should the shipper not respond. Knowing full well that this truly is a second party (shipper) issue, I fully appreciate the response and attention from the general manager in resolving this problem. Very much in tune with the service I would expect from a high quality dealership.
When is Land Rover fast? When they're processing my payment. When do they take their sweet time? The remainder of the time. BTW, that free coffee is gonna cost you.
I am a frequent Subway patron, but I will not patron this franchise again.\n\nI am also a supporter of our local High School sports teams. When I presented a discount card from Boulder Creek HS, the manager REFUSED to honor the card.\n\nPlease do not support this Subway franchise as they do not support our schools and sports teams.
The urgent care here is ridiculous!! Waited for over a hour and  a half just to see the nurse practitioner who was only in here for 5 minutes tops. I wouldn't have come here but this was the only urgent care open on Sunday.
I like the pan fried dumplings and the hot and sour soup. The entree plates are huge and made to share. Staff is friendly and the drinks are good.
This place is hit or miss. The service is usually subpar. Food as mentioned above is different each time. The chicken fried rice is either oily or dry. The orange chicken is very chewy which I do not enjoy. Prices are average I'd say. Overall not bad, but certainly not the best place for Chinese food in North Phoenix
place is very clean:) Banana Republic is the only store I really go to here.
Very friendly people who work here. They were so great with my kids! Definitely will be back.
Went for dinner tonight at the restaurant, usually just get delivery which is ok... I will probably not eat here again and stick with  delivery. The pizza took forever and was undercooked, no crunch to it. We asked for pineapples and they put so many on it was just overwhelming. Also the bathrooms are just gross, looked like they hadn't been cleaned, ever. I was pretty bummed about the whole experience, what a waste of calories.
From Downtown Chicago so used to great hair care... But this place reminded me of home... Linda is phenomenal and after stepping a few feet from the door I got a compliment on my hair.... I highly recommend this to anybody who's looking for great and relaxing haircut..
Great pizza place in the area...was in town for business.  They have specials Monday-Wednesday I believe.  Got a large pizza for $9.99.  Great tasting and service was great.  They have TV's, so you are able to watch a sporting game while enjoy a slice a pizza.  They also sell pizza by the slice as well.
shitty pizza.. shittier customer service.. do your self a favor and order from Big Boy's. Bitch.. I am a customer. Don't get all snotty with me on the phone for asking questions about your specials.
Went here recently for the first time. It was okay. Unfortunately I ordered pasta. It was overcooked, and didn't even have the mushrooms and olives that I asked for. My husband got pizza, and I tried a bite. The pizza was good. We did have the garlic knots as an appetizer, and they were pretty good. Customer service was meh. The girl Aleah, who was serving us kept smiling like she was trying not to laugh. It made for a really awkward dinner. I'd come back for the pizza, but nothing else. I probably won't be back though. If I'm going out for pizza, I go to Venezia's Pizzeria. Their pizza is amazing, good prices, and their staff is really friendly.
Despite browsing through the more recent negative reviews. I came back hoping to have the same experience I did 10 years ago as a Dobson high student. \n\nNothing has changed pizza wise. I was relieved! It's clean and looks the same as it always did. It's clearly under new management but is NOT an issue fellow former Buono's customers. \n\nGreat NY style pizza, it's a fav!
Went tonight for a takeout order so we could watch Monday Night Football. Order and paid for extra celery & blue cheese( price went up to $1 each! )... Got the order and took it home. The wife wanted to know where the blue cheese was. There was four celery and ONE blue cheese! I was pissed and called them. I drove 3 miles back, and Chelsey who took the order and answered when I called back, told me I was wrong and she personally put three blue cheese in the bag. \n\nDo not ever tell a customer he is a liar. This is what she did. I am about ready to call the manager. My friends do not go here anymore but I've always defended this restaurant. Tonight makes me want to change my mind.
Always great wings. I went to watch UFC with some friends. Staff is friendly drinks a plenty. good staff @ this loc.  no complaints.  my compliments
The bar of this place is the part you need to hang out in if you go here. The front dining area is lame so i was hesitant to even go in the back and check out the bar.  However, i was rather surprised. Nice big area..with a crap load of t.v's. \n\nGood happy hour prices. B/f tried about 6 different kinds of the wings(the day we went each wing was 39 cents) they have all different kinds of sauces, hot, strawberry, garlic, orange etc..\nhe was not that impressed with them(he eats a lot of wings, sl his expectations are just a little high) i thought they were alright. the pizza was however, very good..better than the wings.\n\ni will be back..cool spot to catch a game and grab a drink.
Went there last night for their monthly free planetarium show. It was a really cool show that was unfortunately set to Pink Floyd music. After the show the science dept professors had a huge telescope set up and we were able to look at the moon. First friday of every month!
Terrible customer service, they close 10 mins early as customers are getting out and turn them away, spend your money anywhere else.
I wouldn't give any stars for this dump of a place ... The floor was dirty , some of there machines were broken  &  filthy .. No manager or workers to be found & when they are around , they are rude  ..  I've been to this place twice and would never come back . I would rather pay more $ at a place that is clean and have friendly  helpful workers . I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy .......
Went by the other day and it is closed.  Unfortunate, now I don't know where to get the delicious sour cherries in syrup I love with greek yogurt.
My chicken was so plain. I was upset with it. It was just teriyaki chicken. Hard to mess up. I doubt ill be back. It is a relaxing place tho. Just dont go for the food.
THE BEST crab puffs, hands down.
For a municipal course, Dobson Ranch is tops.  This is the place to go for a good, cheap afternoon round of golf during the summer.  It's a well maintained traditional course, with large trees lining the fairways, and grass everywhere.  Dobson Ranch is great for beginners, as the ball is playable from anywhere that is not in someone's backyard.  It's slice-friendly too, with most of the out of bounds areas sitting to the left of the fairways.\n\nDobson Ranch is a standard par 72, except instead of having 4 par 3s, 10 par 4s, and 4 par 5s; it has 5 par 3s, 8 par 4s, and 5 par 5s.\n\nAt only $10 to walk on a summer afternoon, this is one of the best values in the Valley.
Dude, this place ain't half bad and I didn't even have the munchies!  You don't have to be stoned here to enjoy the food.\n\nA variety of sandwiches and such served up with a smile and a side of chips or something.  Doritos anyone?
Never had a bad eating experience at Cheba Hut! The food is Delicious, and the subs are TOASTED... Yummm!!! a must-try if you are new to Mesa or if you've just never been to Cheba Hut before!
Best Subs around period.
I love Cheba hut. My personal favorite is the White Widow. Its the best chicken bacon ranch sandwich out there. Their meat and dressings are prepared fresh daily.  Great spot for lunch breaks but be prepared to wait, the line will be long.
Service was fast, friendly and everything was so much fun . And the sandwich I ordered was phenomenally good. I should have gotten the 4 inch because that was all I could finish. When I saw the picture of Ice Cube on the ice machine I thought I would lose it. Hilarious!
the restaurant formerly known as the best hong kong.\n\nwhat happened to this place?  this used to be our go-to chinese restaurant in the east valley!\n\nthe food has gone down hill and the service which used to be 3/5 has gone to 1/5.\n\nthere was this young college age kid/busboy/waiter (who knows, he could have been older, just add 10 years to what you think they are) who actually chased us out the door and demanded that we leave 15% tip when we only left 10%....what a dufus\n\nhello, we're trying to send you a message idiot.  i guess the best message is to not eat there and tell 100 other people to do the same\n\nyou shall be called \"Worst Hong Kong\"
I used to go here often when I went to MCC.  I admit that the food was pretty good, but the owner ruined the entire experience for me.  At the time, I was learning Japanese and wanted to try it out in an actual setting.  He yelled at me the first time I tried and told me to speak English.\n\nAnother instance, and the real reason I don't go back there, is when a friend of mine went to eat there.  After he finished, he said \"Gochisousamadeshita\" (a polite saying thanking the preparer of the food for the meal) and the owner muttered under his breath \"Henna Gaijin\" (strange foreigner).\n\nI can understand not having the patience to speak Japanese with me, but really.....insulting someone who just thanked you for the food?  That's enough for me to never return.
When I arrived last night, I thought they were closed. There was only one car in the parking lot, and I assumed it was the owner's.\n\nOnce inside, I found it was worth the drive. I had the miso ramen with chicken, and I loved it. It was a gigantic bowl of flavorful broth, tender noodles, cabbage and chicken. It also came with two pieces of inari sushi. It was my first time having inari, and I liked it.\n\nAn awesome, incredibly filling dinner for about 9 dollars. I may go back tonight.
Good bulgogi, and a spicy octopus platter I forgot the name of.  I'd visit again, but my eyes tear whenever I walk into the place- not their fault I'm allergic to *.
This place has AWESOME kimchi Chigae, kalbi is ok but kinda overpriced. The service is hit or miss here. \n\nBut probably one of the best korean places on the east side.
The food is alright but the service is terrible and slow every time I come here! The waiters need to follow up on the tables for any water or banchan refills instead of just serving the food & moving on to new orders. Takamatsu in chandler has better quality  food & the best service since the manager is on the floor directing the employees.  Chodang is also better in food quality but the service can be slow at times but its not as bad as it is at hodori.
This store has good prices on many things, some much cheaper than Safeway and others equal to Fry's. It all depends on what you're shopping for. I prefer Fry's in my area of town though because the Albertson's by me ALWAYS smells like rotten fish and enough to make me hurl. \n\nThis location just happens to be by my friend's apartment so whenever we need something we just run in here and get the items. Very easy to get in and out of and very good customer service.
This unlikely little club is considered to be one of the best places in the Valley to catch local bands. It's hard to believe this place is in sleepy Mesa!\n\nThe food is good and the selection is HUGE: Pizza, Calzones, sandwiches, Gyros, subs, burgers, steaks, and Mexican food. Watch out though-- cheap drinks and live music can make this place a madhouse!
If there was negative rating I would give them negative 10 for lack of politeness, and costumer service !!!!! I checked in and went to my room with all my luggage only to find out they gave me an occupied room!!!!! When I went back to the lobby... There was no apology or anything \"we can give you another room if you want\" what the F*** you think???? I sure don't want to stay in a dirty room!!! So I told them I would just like to cancel my reservation and go somewhere we and they would not cancel my reservation and tell me I have to cancel my through hotel.com!!!! I expected them to say sorry for your inconvenience let me give you..... To make it up!!! The hallway smelled like wet mold!!!!! I strongly recommend you not to make your reservation  because they didn't deliver the service that was advertised.
Yummy! Fresh food and good service! I had the castroville omlette. Tasty! I do wish they has hasbrowns instead of diced potatoes but that is just my preference. Our server was friendly and definitey took care of us. We went on a sunday and it was pretty busy but we didnt suffer from that at all. Overall good experience.
I placed an order a few weeks ago and went to pick it up and the manager was busy taking a phone call when I arrived. I kept trying to make eye contact with the other person working who was about 15 feet behind the manager making pizzas. I could just feel my pizza losing its delicious temperature as the minutes passed by. After several minutes of trying to get the other employees attention the manager finally put the person whom he was speaking to on the phone on hold and came to get my debit card to pay for the pizza. The food was good, and thanks to the manager who actually cared about me getting my food when it was hot I give this place 3 stars. I rarely eat pizza but when I do I want it hot, fast and cheap. Howies usually does all 3, but 2 out of 3 for a pizza joint is unacceptable.
While at Fiesta Mall with my son who was getting his hair cut we decided to eat. We wondered around the food court and was approached by an employee of Sarku Japan offering free samples of their teriaki chicken. After trying it my son just had to order from there.  The staff was friendly and the price was reasonable.  He ordered the teriaki chicken & shrimp. The amount of food that he got was way more than expected and he was happy it tasted like what it was suppose to. \nA definate place we'll visit in again and highly recommend!!
It's the bare minimum that you would expect from Starbucks. I have never been able ti order a breakfast sandwich because they always run out before 10am. When asked how many sandwiches they usually carry the lady told me only 7! No wonder they always run out. They are only good for making you a drink at a mediocre pace. And don't expect much from these baristas, They have a sense of entitlement to the place that subtly overwhelms the customer service. Handle the stress ladies, its just a coffee shop.
I've been here several times and the food is consistently Amazing! It's hot, fresh and always tasty. Every time I come here I order something different and I've never been disappointed. Great service and take out as well. The price is average or low, for the quality it's unbeatable. I've been to a lot of bad Chinese restaurants, this is not one of those places.  5 stars on food quality and 4 1/2 on service. If you love good food, be sure and give this place a chance!
It is hard to review a massage location because it all depends on the masseuse. I have gone through 8 different therapists at this location and they were all very good. Each one has a slightly different style, and you have to find what you like and communicate with them. I have finally found a masseuse that suits me perfectly and I will be booking with her from now on! I have been a member of massage envy for 10 months now, my home location is in Gilbert but I Like this one much better. The front desk staff is friendly and helpful and the location is clean and restful. There is nothing ostentatious about massage envy, small rooms with no decor, but that's not what I go there for. The massages are great, relaxing and wonderful stress relievers. This location has not let me down yet!
Local shop with a great selection and very helpful. \n\nGot to support the locals!
I had to purchase a few map books for work and this is the best location in the east valley. The reason I like this place so much is because they usually carry everything I need for our Arizona and Nevada branches. I have been coming here for years now to purchase updated maps for the valley. Each time I need something, they have it and they have it in bulk, which is greatly appreciated. A lot of people guy online now to order or use GPS so map stores are few and far between. I like being able to have a store that is local so I don't have to wait for shipping. It also nice to go through map books in person to see which works best for what I need it for. The staff is always courteous and helpful whenever I have called or gone down to make a purchase. Thanks for always carrying what we need!
This is a weird place, but it was very laid back.. and lit up. For a dive, its sure are bright in here.. but thats ok. I had a few $1 drink during happy hour 5-7, and then I had a few moderately priced drinks. \n\nIt was ok, but definitely nothing to write home about. The waitresses was nice enough, and the atmosphere was ok. But there was nothing that ever would draw me back here again.\n\n.. und das... ist das..
MMM MMM MMM Thats what i feel about this place. I mean COME ON this is one of the best Arab Food restaurants i think in the WHOLE USA. I know that might be going a bit over board but of all the restaurants i have been to this is the best. I love the Kabob Combo and gyros from there but the best part of the experience is the customer service. Owner is a really nice man and i think his whole family helps out with the shop. :)
First time having Middle Eastern food, I ordered the veggie platter, which consisted of about 5 different sides. My favorite was the falafel which was crunchy and still warm. The hummus was fresh, along with the Pitas. I also got to try the Asian salad which was really good! For my taste some of the food was a bit too tangy or sour, but other than that it was delicious! The service was good only have two workers not including the cook, so it was a bit slow but they were all nice and courteous. \n\nPs. If you have a sweet tooth the pistachio Baklava was My favorite thing on the menu!
Stopped in for a drink after a long bike ride.  Total dive bar, but patrons and staff were very friendly.  I didnt have a bike lock and the patrons/owner said i could just bring in the bike while I got smashed.  I must have spent about $20 after being there for 2-3 hours.  I think the beers are $2.  Its a cash only bar, but they have an ATM in the front.  I will definitely be heading there again soon.
Sue and company have run an outstanding restaurant for 23 years in the east valley. Terrific Chinese cuisine, in a very pleasant sit down setting. You will not find better service at any restaurant, anywhere. Not sure what \"pretty standard\" Chinese food means; but compared to several other east valley Asian fares, including the major chains, this place is superior. \nPlus, if you're going to gamble on taking out Moo Shu, the dish that is typically created and rolled at your table, well, you takes your chances.\n\nIf you like the occasional fried delicacy, try the Golden Gate shrimp; love it!\n\nSpend your precious eat-out dollars at locally owned businesses.
It's okay. it's nothing like San Francisco food .
My stylist Traci did a great job! I did a cut style and deep conditioning. She knew a lot about hair and the cut was great. She did exactly what I wanted! The smallest trim possible, I'm trying to grow my hair out and she made it look super healthy, she fixed my bangs, and did some damage control from a few of my previous cuts! Thanks I'll be back :)
I've been here 5 minutes, only one hair stylist here doing a trim on a guy's hair, while chatting and watching YouTube videos and consistently stopping. Should maybe take in to consideration that she has a customer waiting.
They certainly have everything, from tiaras to bottles of that stuff you use to create real-looking wounds. A little on the pricey side, but excellent stuff overall.
Horrible place. I've been to different sonic locations and this one is by far the worst. First of all, sonic isn't really great in the first place. This place is absolutely horrible\nI've tried it many times and none of them have been great\nThe burgers here are super greasy, the burritos which I really like in other places, the ones here always have really burnt eggs and are also super weirdly greasy. The fries are always gross, and the ice cream is weirdly gritty?? \nSo if you are craving sonic, just go to a different location.
I've never really had a bad experience per se, but I've not exactly been helped a whole bunch either. It's Home Depot. What more can you expect?
More expensive than most of the sushi places in Mesa. They make the rolls look normal sized by adding extra rice using very little fish. I would not go back, very poor value.
I would give it more stars, but I don't want the bar to get too crowded.
Nielson's is a local favorite. But I am still confused why everyone loves this place SO much. We have a few couples who nearly beg us to go here after a movie or dinner. Usually we'll give in. And it isn't horrible or anything. I ust prefer others better. I think the frozen custard is pricey and the taste is creamy but otherwise boring. \n\nOne bright spot are the sandwiches, called Grinders. Try the Spicy Italian with pepper relish, the Roast Beef w/ Guacamole, and (my favorite) The Finer Things, with turkey, avacados and cream cheese. Probably not the best for my expanding waistline, but a delicious indulgence.\n\nOthers negatives that pulled my rating down a star: since they are popular, the wait can be 10-15 minutes. And with high school kids behind the counter, the service can be poor.
Wow this is a really nice place. I've never visited this cinema before, but I was surprised. The restrooms are clean and modern, the theatre is a great size and they have a great selection at the snack bar. I will go back to this theatre for sure.
This theater can get a little crowded on weekends when bigger movies open up but otherwise it's never busy. I've been here during the weekdays when it is a ghost town but no matter when I've gone, I have received great service. I personally like the seats and the bathrooms here over other competitors.
I'm SO Tossed up about this place... \nWhen I need something for a DIY Project I go here first EVERY time & EVERY time I've left empty handed... Its a DIY Project that includes Arts & Crafts (Like in their name) HOW is it that I leave Empty Handed? \n\nDepending on the time of the year this store isn't too crowded but the customer service is NO WHERE to be found... Will be heading to Joann's & Hobby Lobby from now on. Dear Michaels: I'm TIRED of leaving empty handed!
I'd give this one star for Store Manager Andrew who is rude and even treats his employees with disrespect. Sweet cashier Kathy is the only reason I went for two...oh and the helpful girl on the phone when I called to see if they had my item in stock. Andrew is lucky for these ladies because he by myself, turns customers away.
Would not recommend this place  to anyone seeking good seafood. We started with crab cakes that were sub par. My husband's steak and prawns were weak. The steak was not sirloin quality and the shrimp smelled and tasted badly. The manager was kind enough to knock off about $8 for his meal, but the plate was so bad the entire entree should have been deducted. \nMy snow crab legs were good, but the side veggies were not. They had a strange lemon flavor which doesn't normally accompany green beans and zucchini - which was over cooked. Squishy zucchini is never good. \nOverall our only positives were the side salads. \nThe restaurant itself is also very dark, the lights never seemed to get brighter. Our server was pleasant but very slow. The place was not that busy so we are still not sure what took so long for the food and check to arrive. We won't be returning.
Can you say- alot of food. First time patron and wasn't that impressed. It's alright nothing spectacular. Just feels like and taste like your at olive garden on steroids.
4 words.  rib eye medium rare.\nand cinammon butter rolls.\nhands down, the BEST steakhouse.  better than outback, ruth chris's, all the fancy places.
NO! Do you want a bagel? Do you really want one? Ok, since you insist, there is a trader joes, a fry's and a Walmart nearby.\nPick one of those places and buy yourself some bagels. \nJust don't come here, they don't deserve you.\n\nThe service will be horrible. They will take a long time to take your order, even longer to make your food, and you will stand there waiting for your food wondering how there can be 6 employees behind the line with no other orders ahead of you and it's been 15 minutes and you still have no food.\n\nOnce you finally receive your food, you will leave ASAP because you can't stand the incompetence and also you want to eat in a place that does not look like a high school cafeteria after a food fight.\n\nWhen you get home, your order will be wrong. You have been warned.
Never go on a busy morning!  We went on a Saturday at 9:30 am and they were out of a lot of bagels, all 4 coffee dispensers were empty and it took 15 minutes to get our food to go... after ordering!  It was a cluster! They gave our food to someone else and it took 5 minutes for the lady to make an iced coffee.. from the menu, not customized.  \n\nThe food was fine, but this quick service restaurant was in the weeds and super slow.
Yoko is pretty good, prices are just right and service is friendly and prompt. I would recommend this to someone.
I read the other Yelp reviews while I was sitting in this restaruant.  Too late. \n\nHere's the deal - the other reviews are spot-on about the service.  Friendly, happy, and attentive.  \n\nThe food though, is NOT so fantastic.  I ordered a Belgian Waffle and my hubbie ordered French Toast.  Both tasted deep fried, which is totally weird.  The butter was in little sealed Shamrock Farms tabs on the table, and was not kept cold, which I found extremely odd.  I mean, overall, the food was okay, but I woudn't recommend it to a friend, so I don't recommend it to you.  Everything came out ordered the way we ordered it, but it just wasn't that great.\n\nThe restaurant was clean, but our waitress had animal hair on her black t-shirt, which unnerved me more than a little.
Went for my second time this weekend, but not because the first time was good and I wanted to go back - someone else chose. \n\nThe first time I had the ramen and it wasn't very good. I remember having left sort of let down and still hungry because I didn't want to finish what I ordered. This time I went with sushi. I got the dragon roll, spicy tuna and eel w/avocado. I'm no sushi expert, but I wasn't terribly impressed. The dragon roll was the best of the three, mostly because it was large and fried. It was all just alright. I've had better.
I have been coming here for over 10 yrs.  I try other places and always come back to Nancy's place.  They are friendly, I like my nails and pedi's.
This seemingly is JUST for the home--not for people's clothes. I thought it was a JoAnn's competitor.\n\nBolts and bolts of fabric on hanging rolls. Also carpets. No one said hello or offered to help us. No patterns here. They have designer fabric but i didnt check the labels.
Went there for lunch today. This is my second time visiting and the second time my order was messed up. I had ordered a chicken ceaser salad burrito. It was my mistake I guess, from what I remember a ceaser salad doesn't have tomatoes in it. Well it does here. I don't like tomatoes. Love ketchup but not regular tomatoes soggin up my meal. I had them make another burrito. The menu clearly states what's in a ceaser salad, and tomato is not one of the ingredients. The replacement burrito tastes slightly better than the first but not by much. Maybe they had a surplus of tomatoes and were trying to get rid of em I don't know. Should've went to Costa Vida but as we all know they are almost always crowded. Ugh F me and my burrito cravings.
i love tjs there selection of vegies,cheeses,flowers,ect ,ect, ect all at such great prices, and just there over all selection of intresting products, i  am like a kid in a candy store,
Party of 10.   Made a reservation.    Had to wait 30 minutes anyway.   Desmond, our waiter could have cared less.   Food was decent, but the service was brutal.\n\nIm guessing they either have high staff turnover or are under staffed.
Wow, lots of hate on here about this place. Gave me second thoughts about coming here, but we had coupons. Service was very good.  Food was reasonably good, but that's kind of what you expect from a chain. I had the chicken under a brick, and it was just fine.  I didn't care for what my Mom got (chicken scallopini, I think), but she likes that. My wife had the eggplant Parmesan and enjoyed it as well.
The prices and care delivered at this Spay & Neuter clinic are acceptable. However, I didn't like how the vet tried to sell me on services I clearly didn't need. For example, she tried to convince me to have my dog's nails clipped when I had just clipped them 2 days ago myself. I far prefer the Spay & Neuter clinic in Tempe. Everything that's good about this clinic is good over there, but they're more professional. I gave the clinic in Tempe 5 stars.
Had the BBQ Burger for lunch. Too much lettuce tomato and 'fixings' to steal the taste of the burger away. \n\nLet the meat be the star of the burgers, not lettuce.
This will be quick . Was there the night of May 13. Staff were less than helpful, in fact they weren't helpful at all.
Salesman was persistent on trying to update my $19 wash to a $99 detail. He was borderline argumentative and aggressive, I would not recommend this place at all. The entire establishment is ran by shady looking people, it's not a good sign when you look at other customers and they all look nervous. The lady waiting next me mentioned how she would just be happy if all her belongings are still in the car when they were done. :(
This place is great! I've been to a few different nail places, but always end up coming back here. The people are friendly, the place is clean & relaxing & they do the best job ever! I'm a little picky when it comes to the way my nails look & they have always done them perfectly! I've gotten fake nails put on, and taken off as well as gel manicures and pedicures. They're superb & even though I now live 20 minutes away, I'll keep driving back. I've been going here for 10 years & I have no plans on changing any time soon!
For starters the atmosphere of Charlestons may be my favorite of any restaurant. Its very dark and relaxing, but there is just enough light at the table to read the menu and eat your food. everything from the brick walls to the tables and chairs are made from dark wood, dark brick, dark leather, and even the wait staff wear all black with no logos, so its almost as if they aren't there and just blend into the background, which I'm sure is an intentional and smart idea. The menu is small, but i have had various items on it from the steak sandwich, The Ribs, Chicken Fried Steak and the Burger and they are all worthy of the 5 star.  the sides are also delicious. its a bit pricey but you get plenty of high quality food for your dollar. If you want a nice, quiet, relaxing and delicious meal, i highly suggest Charleston's.
Good food, arrives hot, service is spectacular!
The food is absolutely five stars. However they have raised the price and taken away the salad, you now pay an extra $3 for a salad with the prime rib. Rarely do you find a place where a salad doesn't come with a steak and it makes it really expensive. The food however is always excellent. Prime rib, garlic mashed potatoes, creamy garlic dressing, croissants, and spinach dip are all amazing, some of the best ever! Service is always superb and your drinks are always full.
This is a rough looking little strip mall place. The kind of place you see all over the Valley. If you want atmosphere look elsewhere. \n\nWe tried a few different things--tacos, torta and assorted other things. The food was all pretty good--not the best in the world, but good. Tacos are a $1 each. \n\nPrices were awesome and the service was pretty good also. There's not too much else to say about it.
Carne Asada tacos are to die for. Had four at $1.10/each and was pleasantly full to the gills. Will return next time in the area.
Pretty little dive for some amazing mexican food. The street tacos are amazing and everything along with it was superb. Probably one of the top 5 spots for Mexican food in the east valley.
I was so excited to go here after reading all the reviews, but afterwards wondered if I really had the right place or if it was an off day last Sunday. My experience was very different. We went for a late breakfast. It's best if I summarize my plate. The eggs that I ordered over hard had broken and it was hard to even see the yolks, mixed in as they were. The hamburger patty was the driest, least appetizing I've ever had and even the pancakes were heavy, flat without any taste or salt. I thought it would be hard to mess up these basics but you learn something new every day. The service was nothing exceptional.  I thought the place would have some charm, but there was nothing - just an ordinary diner. It's actually kind of sad when you enjoy the toast with jam more than anything else. Never again. It may be cheap but IMO it's misplaced economics to pay anything for something so disappointing.
I just had the pleasure of eating here today.  The burger and fries were tasty and the chocolate and strawberry shakes were great.  The two guys working there were super polite and very thankful to us for coming by for lunch.  They personally walked each patron to the door as they left thanking them each along the way.  That's what I look for in a restaurant, friendly staff and good food, they have both.
I came here with high hopes after reading the many good reviews.  what I found was good local hole in the wall that is somewhat over rated.\nmy burger was very dry - as the cook pressed down on the patties I kept screaming in my head PLEASE STOP!\nThe fries were very meh.  They were crunchy but had no character.\nThe best thing was that the ingredients were fresh.  While the patties were preformed they were not frozen.  They used plent of bacon so there was a piece in every bite.  The lettuce was green and crisp and overall it was a decent lunch, but over priced for what I got.  I probably won't make another trip back but if I lived nearby I would return rather than hit a fast food burger.
I'm still full of this delicious old school edible greatness! An amazing staff with just enough snark to make it worth your while. Delicious burgers and shakes...the breakfast looks great as well (we ARE GOING BACK). Oh yea one more thing- APPLE PIE.
The valley isn't known for its \"mom and pop restaurants\" or \"Dives\" as I affectionately call them but this place was spot on a great place to eat. I'm looking forward to trying their breakfast items.
I have 4 cars I've been taking to Brake Masters for years. I have had to keep my eye on them with the pricing and the quality of service. You'd think they would value my business with the thousands of work every year I send them. Well I took my truck in for an alignment and the quoted me $3000 for some work I did in my driveway for $600 including paying a helper. They wanted $610 for an upper control arm assemble that cost me $100 at Autozone. I'm never going there again and I will make it a point to call them out in person.
Still the best dinner theater .Great for all ages .Very clean ,and nice .
Love the organ...  Sad to see this Arizona historical treasure in such danger of mediocrity due to poor management.  The pizza we had wasn't worth taking home.  I didn't want to insult the cardboard box by putting pizza in it that is more tasteless than  itself.  Fix yer food folks!!!
I was in the area so I tried out royal cleaners. A bit pricey I think.....the 2 out of 3 pairs of shorts I had them repair (buttons) have came off again. Being that they weren't cheap I expected a much better job
Upon walking into the office I was a bit perplexed. I thought I was entering a free clinic. I'm still not sure. My appointment was for 1pm. I wasn't seen until 1:50pm. Had I been that late they would have cancelled my appointment. Nonetheless I saw Bryan Monson, at least I think it was Bryan Monson, perhaps it was (Silver Surfer: Can enter Hyperspace. tied Nova He can enter Hyperspace as well. tied Green Lantern)the whole appointment lasted 1 minute 35 seconds. He referred me to  Dr. Garcia in the office for surgery. Explained it for about 15 seconds to my daughter. I guess I'm too old to understand and was out like a shot. Yeah, errr won't be going back. No thanks for the Botox.
I like Dr. Garcia and her assistant, I am not at all impressed with the billing office staff that work out of corporate! I've been trying to pay my bill for 3 months now (yes, pay it!) and cannot get anyone to call me back!!! Highly disorganized team....again, no concerns or issues with my doctor, she is great - its the administrative team that simply do not have it together!
I sued these people and won. Please make sure you take pictures when you move in and when you move out! Office is full of kids that have no idea what they are doing. Check out their reputation with the BBB.
Used this property management company to oversee our rental properties.  Bad experience.  They are great at collecting money and making sure they collect their fees but do not believe in doing any work for those fees.  Very poor at follow thru, do not care about the tenant or the owner, only about collecting fees.  Very unprofessional in how they deal with people.  Sales pitch is just that, lie to get your business but do not expect follow through.  Do yourself a favor, as a tenant or owner, and find another company.
I had George bend me up a couple pipes for my custom exhaust, and when I ran into a snag and took the vehicle to him about getting another pipe fabricated he was a complete jerk. I don't own a hydraulic bender or a lift, that's the only reason I was there. What I was asking for would have taken less then an hour to do with those tools. He spoke down to me the entire time constantly telling me that my vehicle was \"a mess\" and that I was doing \"everything wrong\" and that he refused to work on my vehicle unless he got to completely tear everything out and redo it, which I couldn't afford. I'm a machinist and welder that has grown up around cars and apprenticed in numerous hot rod shops. I might know a thing or two, and the first thing I know is I would NEVER treat my customers that way. I would avoid this place at all costs.
High price, takes two or more trips and would not recommend. Looking at other review sites, This is not the company I  want. They advertise a lot, but that does not mean much to me. Quality performance is available from local business at almost half the price with one day service. See my other reviews. Sorry moved on and would not use again.
Buffalo wings are on of my main food groups. One of the reasons I miss living in Arizona, that's right not somewhere in the N East that get's cold, but AZ. Wing are perfect each time, right amount of spice, heat and sauce. Being spoiled by NNY has ruined me for life. I can't seem to find a close second to this, and man have I tried. Love the other food btw, and the service has always been good everytime I go. NNY is my excuse to visit my relatives in AZ.
Ugg hortible service. Not helpful or smiley. Food was subpar. Flimsy lettuce and bland. Patio has no speakers or misters...but hey they have heaters..what the heck?
Ohkay, So I was working 3rd shift this day, Went throu the drive throu got a Carmel Machiatto. These people, over flilled the coffe to where when they handed it to me, and i put the straw in it over flowed onto my work scrubs! not to mention the coffee was burnt!!\n\nI mean yeah more for your money but not when its all over you and you hav burnt coffee..... SO.... Taste before you drive off!! Not to mention, when I went back to get \"Fresh\" coffee, they were totaly rude about it!
Went to red robin on April 26, 2014 at 5:20 pm. We were ignored for 20 minutes before finally being offered something to drink. Food was great. We had the grilled chicken sandwich,  pizza, and a burger.  Took 20 minutes to get more fries. Waitress constantly ignored our table. Great food. Poor service.  Wouldn't recommend this place during peak times if you want decent service. I may go back on a tuesday or another less busy time.
The prices are great but the wait is CRAZY just for picking up birth control that I called in on Monday it has taken me more than an hour. I finally got called but they can't find my pills I ordered four days ago.. Now I'm still waiting and I'll be surprised if they actually do anything for me. I should have known.. The first time I came here for my initial visit it took two hours with an appointment.. That's only 30 minutes of actually being in the back getting checked up and an hour and a half of wIt time! :( the only person that could finally help me was Adrianna! Thank you!
Have never heard a word from corporate, even an apology email would have been nice.  I'd be willing to bet they get SO MANY complaint letters they just can't keep up.  Or they just don't give a shit.  My money is on the second.
READ MY WORDS PEOPLE:\nDO NOT GET YOUR VEHICLE WORKED ON IN ANY WAY AT THIS LOCATION!\nThey had my vehicle in  for a simple oil change and an hour later it was torn apart with no end in sight. I had to take the unbolted pieces  home myself and reinstall them.\nThey moved slower than slow and  between 6 of them.....they were all on breaks at one time. I actually had to rescue my vehicle from them!\nAs an ex- mechanic of twenty years, i have a keen sense of  clueless repair people and this was a graduating class. Stocking shelves....fine but trusting them with your vehicle is a no go. I have dealt with knowledgeable techs at other locations but this location really needs an overhaul. Steer clear and hopefully someone who cares in the management dept there will see this!!\nRuined my whole day !
If they could only figure out how to take phone orders without putting people on hold for 6, 7, or 8 minutes or more, they'd be doing well. This Domino's is very close to my house and when I get a craving for their new, rather yummy, thin crust pizza, it's just easier for me to drive up there and order.  But then I'm relegated to sitting in the very drab waiting room.\n\nI wouldn't necessarily recommend this location too much after sunset. They've had some issues in the parking lot (shootings and the like).
I had a contract with this company for their \"All Pest Solution\". I continuously had Drywood Termites that they couldn't seem to treat properly. Not only does their warrentee not cover damage done by the termites such as other companies like Terminex, but they wouldn't even cover the price of the tenting to get rid of the termites. After I paid them over $1000 for tenting, they voided my warrantee giving no reason. Now I'm out that money and have to pay another company over $1000 to get a new warrantee.\n\nStay away!!! These folks don't play by the book.
I believe that Streets of New York is a chain, and I've certainly enjoyed my experience at other locations, but this one in particular was a bit of a disaster. The food was all right, but the service was slow and unfriendly. The waiters were borderline anti-social and another guy who seemed to be the owner or at least the manager wasn't much better. \n\nIf you're yearning for Streets of New York Pizza, try another location.
Student dentists are caring and compassionate and eager to do their best.  They are also humble and smart enough to ask for help when they need it.\n\nNOTE: I'm biased because I'm a student dentist here.\n\nThe faculty here is amazing.\n\nIf you have lots of time and not as much money, this is a good option for you.  \n\nUpsides of being a patient here: you have multiple eyes looking so you know you're getting the best of care and it's less expensive than going to a private office.\n\nDownsides of being a patient here: appointments can take up to 3.5 hours long each time and there is a long process to things because it is a teaching clinic.
Talk about rude! I called to make a yearly physical appointment for my day off. I was told that my doctor was out that day. I asked to see another doctor and was told I couldn't. Then I was told that if I changed doctors it would be a male and that I wouldn't be able to change I back. I hung up. \n\nI should also mention that my husband went to the ER and needed to follow up with his doctor at this same office. He called twice to make an appointment and never received a return call. \n\nThey clearly don't care.
I always enjoy going here.\nSince the books are nearly always used, they are nearly all inexpensive.  The variety is wide, the store well organized.\nYou won't get far if you ask about a particular title, since they don't have every book in a computer.  The fun is in browsing, and just seeing what you will find.\nAs some people have said, when you sell to them you may not get a ton of money. I don't expect to, since many of the books are not \"current\" and may be on the shelf for a long time.  It's still better than a donation if you want a couple bucks. (Nothing against donations--I do that all the time at things like Goodwill, etc.)
Fuddruckers is a burger place. Unfortunately you pay $30 for two people to have a combo and the burgers are flavorless. I don't understand why most burger places don't create their won meat mix of different cuts, mix their beef with ingredients or at least season their meat. The toppings on top are great but they don't add flavor to the actual hamburger patty. My wife got the Kobe burger..of course a $9 Kobe burger isn't really Kobe beef but it was flavorless as well.
Don't waste your time here. We waked out after the aggressive \"jerk\" sales guy refused to offer us more info on the bed we were interested in. Hungry commission driven focused on the sale not the customer. He even shouted out 1/2 off was my wife and I walked out the door. HORRID Experience.
Was craving some wings so thought we'd catch the game here and indulge. Needless to say I told my wife I'm definitely done with Hooters. The wings aren't that great, they're overpriced and they don't hire their waitresses for good service. Arguably, they don't hire them for their looks either - doh!
Got some new furniture and when delivered a end table was damaged.  I told them I wanted a new replacement.  Ashley's makes you go thru the repair process before they will replace the item.  I was livid as I did not want a brand new table repaired...Really Ashley's!  I will NEVER buy from them again!!!!!!
We purchased what we were told was great quality furniture for our bedroom.  Now mind you it is over 5 years old. When we received it one of the drawers had come apart. Well we thought its okay that could happen. After 5 years of use it is falling apart. 3 of the handles have broke off as well as the drawers coming apart on the bottoms. I did call and ask if they had a repair shop of any kind to help us repair the furniture. I was told sorry they don't. Lesson learned we will not be buying anymore furniture from them. Ashleys is a large company they probably sell better quality stuff. My suggestion is learning about furniture before handing out your hard earned money is wise. On the hunt for a new bedroom set we go...
Jim was incredible and he had my Honda Odyssey, looking like new , and it was done in a day,  by the nicest, friendliest guy ever!  The price was right and I had fun talking about junkyards, pick a part places, which still exist!!!  The final result was a work of art!
If you are coming for breakfast or a burger and fries and a shake, this is your place.  I have tried 2 of the regular meals, the ground round dinner and the smothered chicken.  I had to send the smothered chicken back because it was floating in water and the green peppers on top were pickled peppers that had a sweet taste.  Not a good surprise.  This is not the place to go if you are a healthy eater, which I try to be.  I normally can find SOMETHING healthy on every menu,  but this food was too greasy and strange tasting.  The only reason we went there was a buy one, get one meal free coupon.  The servers, however, are very friendly and helpful.
Nice 50's atmosphere albeit noisy. Had breakfast of eggs, ham and \"home fries.\" Potatoes were frozen from a bag, not fresh. Biscuits were frozen from a bag. Service was OK. Seems to be popular with the 70+ crowd.
We stopped here for happy hour as I was lazy and it is close to work. Turns out they have a decent happy hour with assorted drink specials, half off selected apps and a pick 2 food special that runs open to close for $6.99. I selected the Tortilla soup and cheese enchiladas. The soup was good and enchiladas was also good and came with rice and beans. Our server was great and I wish I remembered her name but after a couple of the happy hour Margaritas names escape me.
Waiting room is not very comfortable. Too busy on a Friday be prepared for lots of upgrades. Good luck with just an oil change.  They are good and fast just keep at an oil change only.
I came in the other day and as I was walking In I noticed all 3 hosts sitting there gossiping and I came up and told one of them politely I was there for take out. The host replied with total attitude and said \"uhh it's at the bar!\" Needless to say I was thrown back. Please tell me how I am supposed to know where take out is. Well when I got to take out the girl was awesome but as I was leaving the hostess were all 3 sitting there gossiping once again and as I was walking out never got a good bye or thank you have a great day. I've been hosting for over a few years now and this is definitely a problem. I figure Olive Garden hires for looks only.
We went here recently was surprised it was not as busy as usual - Server was fine and the hostess but the food was awfully bland and tasteless.\nThe Marinara sauce was so plain with no salt or spices . We may just have been served canned tomatoes. Salad was ok the first time but when we ordered a second bowl the server did not ask about the cheese nor were there peppercinis or onions. Just plain lettuce. Wont be going back again too soon,,,,,
Love this place! I don't go often enough because I never pass it. It's close to my neighborhood but I rarely drive in that\ndirection.\n\nNonetheless, I'm a big fan! Prices are amazing compared to the quality for \"fast food.\" They prepare the food to order.\n\nTheir tender and delicious teriyaki chicken and their garlic shrimp are must-haves for my fam! The BBQ ribs are a hit for the kids too.\n\nFriendly service. Happy place. Casual and relaxed atmosphere. Reasonably priced. Try it.
Having lived in Hawaii I can say the food and atmosphere are legit.  Definitely not a chain place..and they have a lot more on the menu the other Hawaiian BBQs such as malasadas and poke.  We really liked the Katsu, Kailua Pork and Kalbi plate lunches with all fixings.  We've already been back within the same week after our initial visit.  Solid local grinds..can't wait to check out the luau.
I stayed many a moon at the Golf Resort back in the 90's when it was the ONLY place to stay anywhere near Power Road and it was actually pretty much in the middle of nowhere with nothing of interest around it except for a HEB grocery nearby and a smattering of restaurants that closed at 9:00 because nearly all the nearby residents were retirees.  Imagine that!\n\nNice spacious rooms and a great place to get together as a group and grill outside on their grills, and if you played golf that was even better.  I understand it's showing her age these days and is probably due for some updating.  Still, it was a great place and hopefully will remain so.
This location could use an update,  it's pretty run down.  I do appreciate their selection of toys are better than Wal-Mart and target but I do know that they're bigger stores elsewhere.  In the EV this is the best we have.
This Cocos has issues.  One waitress serving a restaurant of 20 patrons...stood for 5 minutes before being acknowledged. Sat like dufuses while solitary waitress takes order for party of 12.  This at 8:30 p.m. at night.\n\nThis has happened before.  Few wait staff coupled with visible dirt, grime and dust.  \nThus restaurant needs a management,and cleaning intervention....
Won't be back! Went there for Breakfast and the place was only half full, and a zero wait on a Saturday Morning...You think we would be ecstatic right? NOT! Everything was downhill from this point. I noticed they were using wait staff to seat people and check people out, this is fine for a small mom & pop, but not for large chain restaurant. Where was the hostess and manager...no where to be seen, that's where. This should have been our first sign. After being seated, it took 10 minutes before they took our drink order. I had to ask twice for a spoon for my coffee. Probably the worst cup of coffee I have ever had. After placing our order, we waited 30 minutes, then decided to walk after noticing our food sitting under the heat lamp for god knows how long (while our so-called waiter was checking people out). Be warned...stay away.
This hospital is the best i have ever seen.  They are taking such good care of my mother. As well as all patients.  The oncology dept is the best, the friendliest ever.  Thank you
Service was excellent, food was excellent, atmosphere was comfortable.  I enjoyed eating at Serrano's.  The bean dip an salsa with their chips was excellent!  I had a 2 item combo with a tamale and enchilada.  Very tasty.
I grew up on Serrano's and used to love their food. That being said...... Hubby and I ate at the Power and Southern location in Mesa this past Wednesday. The food was TERRIBLE and so was the service. We both got the chimichanga plate, one pork and one red chile beef with\u00a0enchilada style. The food was bland and tasted old and nasty. The chimichangas were not really fried either. Server was just this side of rude, never returned to the table until we were pretty much ready to go, and never provided a receipt other than the store copy. Over all HORRIBLE experience. Waste of $ 30 some odd dollars. Never again.
All of our food had a hint of Italian seasoning, which was strange and unappealing.  The veggie enchilada is chock full of zucchini (the menu just said veggie, and I had anticipated the usual peppers and onions...if you love zucchini, get the veggie enchilada and a side of Mexican veggies - also just zucchini - unfortunately I really don't like zucchini!).  All around the place is nice, service was friendly, but the food just wasn't good.
Went here because of the beautiful building and positive reviews... We were disappointed to say the least. Soggy chimichanga, mushy rice, bland machaca and chicken, chips that tasted like supermarket chips, and mediocre salsa.
DON'T EAT HERE UNLESS YOU WANT CLEANING FLUIDS AND OTHER DEBRIS IN YOUR FOOD!!! We were eating at this location about 1-2 times a month but no more, not after what we saw today. We were seated near the food area and looked up to see staff cleaning the food stands and vents above the food and prep areas. Debris was falling in the food, and the cleaning fluids were being sprayed over the food. DISGUSTING!!! I spoke to the supervisor and she could not care less. Don't eat here unless you want to get sick.
Played here on 9/7/13 and the course was good! Some very challenging holes with a couple demanding landing areas from the tee box. The greens were all in pretty good shape, although there were several patches on a few fairways that had little to no grass. It was tough to read some of the greens - sometimes I would read a break and it would go straight, then other times it looks fairly straight and would break several feet. \n\nIn reply to another review, all of the water containers were full of cold water. \n\nOne of the carts in our group did run dead on the 17th tee box, so we pushed it with the other cart the rest of the way. It did take a long time to play our round because we were backed up behind people who looked like they were playing golf for the first time. \n\nOverall, I would play here again. Challenging course with cheap greens fees.
It's K Mart, not bad just nothing special. Nothing really sets K Mart apart from any of the other conglomerates. Gotta shop here from time to time for MH exclusives so you'll see me busting out my Maverick patch & showing it off with pride
As all of you guys who read this may know that there are tons of Starbucks to choose from, this is unfortunately not the one I would go back in the morning rush hour time. I am sure the majority of the cafe in the morning makes you wait, but I thought this was one of the place that took forever to even take your order.\n\nHowever, the atmosphere and  store interior is clean and moderate volume. Once you order what you want, it will not take too long to get your product. Only thing that irritate me is the line that took forever to order the coffee.
Its Home Depot. Decent prices & decent materials. convenient locations
This place is awesome! I was recommended here by a family member and couldn't be happier. I am my dogs parent and I do everything to keep them healthy and safe. Shot on time, extras if needed, etc... This place has never pushed anything that was not needed. I have even had phone conversations with the vet, that allowed me to treat without heading into the office. Yes, I respect my dogs and the vets their, and they do the same for good owners. Debbie and Jordan in the boarding are amazing! All the front office girls are amazing, the vets are amazing! I wish I could name everyone, but they know who they are. My puppies Leona and Oreo love heading over and I would never hesitate at anything they recommended, as I know they have the best interest of my pets in mind! Great Great Staff, professional clean, respectful and vauable!
Not sure why ppl are saying they have bad pizza because it was pretty good to me.  However, I am debating whether the childhood nostalgia memories are kicking in.  From what I remember as a child I loved the pizza here! We came on a weekday for dinner, felt weird cause 2 adults, hahah whatever no shame.  We got a pizza and the wings, both were sooo good! The games are pretty old because I remember playing them as a child.. can't really comment on anything else except they have REALLY SLOW SERVICE.  It took 10 mins for someone to come to the front.  After dinner we relived our childhood days by playing the games, full and happy.  We'd probably come again for the pizza and wings
I really like this location and would recommend it. Quality food at reasonable prices. Outback has excellent blue cheese dressing and tasty salads.  Only problem I experience repeatedly here is I'm part of the few that prefers my steaks WELL DONE 2 out of every 4 visits its pink or even red.... Hey if I'm paying for it cook it how I request. That's y I give it 3 stars instead 4 or 5.
I'm not a black angus fan but my girlfriend is so i tag along,\nHere are a few of my observations:\nPro's\nGirls at the front desk were great and efficient\nThe waiter was helpful and courteous\nGood ceasar salad\n\nCons\nPrice...  7.25 for a margarita and 11.00 for a 6 shrimp cocktail ??\nBurger and fries 13.00?\nMy girlfriends filet was small\n\nIn the end...there are better values out there for sure. I dropped 60.00 on dinner and had a burger , fries and water. 13.00\nMy girls dinner was 47.00 !\nJust imagine if i ordered an appetizer and had a drink as well !  80.00 + No thanks!
I'm pretty irritated that my 2 pizzas, quoted at 19-29 minutes just took 1hr 8 minutes to get here. Completely unacceptable. I'm shocked it was even warm at all. Though the cheese was no longer melty. And James was hardly apologetic. I'll order from Val Vista next time.
So much Wrangler in here. This is redneck heaven! I will definitely be back!
I love Taco Bell! Just not this one. I now drive out of my way not to go to this one. The order is wrong Every time and I really mean every time. Bad service Bad food!
40 minutes for an oil change and then a hard up sell at the end.  At least they vacuumed my carpets.
My fianc\u00e9 and I were looking for BBQ on the 4th of July and decided to stop at Toms. I was looking for a reminder of how delicious BBQ is. For it to be the 4th of July the food was not satisfying. The ribs had lots of fatty pieces. The Mac n cheese was bland and it's possible that it was from the day before. The bake beans were straight from a can no unique taste. This place is good for someone who has never had BBQ before...
This location blows!  From the smug attitude of many of the associates to the downright ineffectiveness of the work they pretend to be doing.  It really is awful.  Unfortunately, this location is the closest to my house.
Best buy staff are knowledgable and engaging not to happy with the venders if u will that are within the store but happy none the less
Had purchased a oil change card from a fundraiser so I decided to try out Brian's. I called and made an appointment for 8:00 am for an oil change and tire rotation. I checked in and was told it would be about an hour. It's 9:15 and I'm sitting here staring at my car in the parking lot. When I asked Rick how much longer it would be he said they were finishing up another car still. And it'll be another hour until my car is done. Just be honest about how long the work is going to take. I would've just gone somewhere else or dropped the car off if I had known it would take this long \nI guess if you don't mind waiting around all day for a simple oil change then this is the place for you. I however had better ideas for my day off.
I love Red Lobster's endless shrimp and delicious biscuits however, I'm sitting here writing this review at my table because I've been here for an hour and a half so far and have yet to get my food! Drink refills are impossible to obtain because our server can't figure it out. In fact, he disappears for 20 minutes at a time without resurfacing from behind the kitchen doors. I couldn't even leave if I wanted to because I can't get my check! I'll update my review with food reviews if our food ever arrives...
Everyone at Excel is extremely professional.  I loved getting the photos of the status of my car repair in my email.  Excel took care of EVERYTHING with the insurance company and even helped me get the rental car through the insurance company.  Best of all, they did the repair very timely and even detailed my car!  I highly recommend them.
Found this place b/c of Yelp and glad I did.\n\nGreat Sonoran hot dogs.  I got two and was uber full.  The first time I went I recall less than optimal communication.  I asked how many types of dogs they had, and the answer was \"how many?\".  \n\nToday was the 2nd time and things went much better.  Very helpful and once again a great meal.  I also feel like it was a bit cleaner this time, maybe they straightened up or repainted.\n\nIt is in a below average neighborhood but worth the adventure.  Go for the food, not the ambiance.
We have been going to PP for over 17 years. Dr Chiles and Dr Salek have been my children's doctors from the beginning. We have seen a lot of faces come and go. Now that PP has merged with  another very large group, it just isn't the same. I still love our doctors and that is why we stay as my children are older now and need less frequent visits. This office just doesn't have the same family friendly feel it once used to.
Chicken is to die for! On a recommendation from a friend we came here. Wasn't expecting anything special. Boy was I wrong. Pizza was very good, we got the New York Combo, thin & crispy crust. Waiter was on his game & very friendly. Wish there was one of these places in So Cal.
Horrible customer service. I tried to place an order, giving them a chance after their last fuck up, but I find out they don't even deliver between 1400-1600. When I called to place an order the man on the phone was very rude and condescending while informing me of this, will never order from this place again! STAY AWAY!
This place is awesome. I always find an awesome find when I come in. I very rarely see small comic shop's anymore but this place is great. Whenever I go in the people who work there are just hanging out in the back but if you need help they're always glad to help you.
It helps to have reservations and to prepare ahead of time.....  Been twice and the second time was not a great experience.  ONE chef to 6 tables.....  NOT good for a friday night.  They were over booked and they had guest serving themselves drinks and water......  But...  It is a great experience!  and the chef we had was AWESOME!  GREAT food!
Food and service at Nellos is pretty good. Portions are a good size and the bread they give you to start the meal is delish!
Me and my husband LOVE LOVE Nello's! We have been going for years and it is by far our favorite place to go for a night out!
Lots of different options and good pizza too! Our server was a little off, but mayeb she was just having a weird day.
Awesome pizza and great service. Super friendly and a pleasure to dine out here! Don't forget to try the grilled wings!
I had a short wait on my visit to Dr. Harris and the staff was helpful in getting all my paperwork done. The Dr. was awesome, very personable and knowledgeable. They have a streamlined system and set me up the very next morning with bloodwork.\n\nI had my results available through their phone system 24 hours after that.\n\nNice, helpful staff, and good doctors is almost all you can ask for in a clinic.
Time after time this store continues to disappoint. I needed a pair of shorts so I decided to try this store again. I had great customer service last week and it gave me hope that this store had turned around. I return this week only to find that the customer is not priority here. I will go back to shopping online.
There are so many reasons to love Chevy's!\nAwesome table side guac. It's delish and they will adjust the spiciness and chunkiness to your liking. They do great promos all the time, like buy one combo get one for a penny. Fresh homemade tortillas that you can watch being made! Fruity margaritas! Prickly pear, melon, etc.\n\nI am a very picky eater, and a vegetarian, but they are always willing to make substitution and make things totally fresh to accomodate me. This is one of the few places I will drive 25 minutes to eat at.
I love, love, love Chevy's.  Their chips and salsa and the best.  The chips are warm and thin and the salsa is fire roasted.  The entrees are tasty as well but I could easily make a full meal out of the chips and salsa.
I liked it, but my boyfriend hated it.  I might be able to talk him into going back for a happy hr or something.  They have good specials and a nice setup for drinks with friends, but no way will he want to go back at lunch time.
Waffle and banana chocolate chip pancakes are good. Service not so good. Had to wait for about two minutes for the hostess to show up. Waitress didn't smile at all :(
Pretty good breakfast, but nothing unique.
The meal chosen was tasty but I will not be returning.  As a first time patron, I was given free muffins, with extra protein...a bug crawled out of one of the muffins. Not sure if trying to sue them is worth the time or money so I just won't return and I'll share the video with others so they are informed. It doesn't allow me to attach the video. The muffin may have been carrot, not sure.
I sat in the drive thru waiting for my food for 10 minutes and was not even busy.  slow service. And they gave me the wrong order.
Horrible customer service had a receipt and wanted to exchange something like I was told I could they told me they needed the complete original packaging which was a piece of cardboard way overpriced also
I love that this Dunkin' Donuts has a drive-thru. I wish other Dunkin' Donuts would follow their lead. This location is very convenient for me as it's near a gas station and just off the freeway. Somebody said they had slow service here. I've never had that problem. Took my husband here for a little breakfast date. Yes, we actually set the alarm and went here around 9AM. Love the donuts and the donut prices. Love that they have coolattas and pumpkin-spiced coffee near Halloween. Love the selection of donuts. I just wish the coffee prices were a little less and that's all that's keeping me from giving it 5 stars. Love the breakfast but I think you should get two breakfast wraps for a buck, not just one. This place is staffed by responsible teenages. It's a clean location with clean bathrooms.
We only go here for the beer selection. The food is ok,just don't stray from ordering pizza and you'll be fine.
We love ordering from these guys. Unfortunately, they're no longer in business. :(
I have been eating @ Aloha Kitchen since it opened. I worked right next door at Nello's. I was very excited when Ray opened his doors. I could only hope the food was as good as I remember when I lived in on the Islands, and it was. \n\nI have been going here ever since. Especially since they offer Manapua. You have to try it. (Steamed buns, stuffed with pork)\n\nMost other Hawaiian food places don't offer them and if you ever lived in Hawaii, particularly Oahu, you know what Manapua are and know what they should taste like. \n\nThe only thing I wish they had added to the menu, over all these years is \"Pork Hash\", Mmmmm I miss those.
I can't get enough of their manapua. Or, really, anything. The food here is delightful. I love the coconut shrimp, the chicken Katsu is mouth wateringly scrumptious, the bulgogi is always delicious... heck, even the salads (green or macaroni) are yummy. You'd be best served to arrive early if you want manapua... they run out from time to time. But really, that just gives me another excuse to come back.  All this for a reasonable price, to boot. Aloha Kitchen, I'm always happy to see you!
This was by far the best find for a long time. We went today Sunday at about 10:30 had a 5 minute wait. Really good for a Sunday. We ordered and got our food in a good timely manner. The food was excellent and the portions sizes also very good sized. I would recommend this location to anyone. We each ordered something different and all was good. Drinks a little expensive but still for a first time going there I was really impressed.
wonderful wonderful friendly service and breakfast. sat outside but the whole place has a comfy family atmosphere. down home cooking!
So I used to go to Bahama Buck's in high school in North Scottsdale until it magically vanished! Out of business? Who knows why this busy bad ass little spot stopped serving Shaved Ice and Smoothies to the teenage masses. It wasn't until today (about 13 years later) that I realized there was another one! Hooray!
THE BEST WINGS YOU WILL EVER EAT! EVER!  \n\nThey are so incredibly good they melt in your mouth.  These owners are LITERALLY the inventors of the Honey Hot flavor that people are now enjoying all across the nation...  They're the original creators of Long Wong's, which since they left, they're not the same.. \n\nWings Express is bomb.  Their wings are smaller, cause they invest more in their flavor than their size, which I couldn't care less about.. Their wings are just so good.\nI love food, love it... And this place is rad.\n\nThe only downside is their location.  With all the scary people in that area, it kinda makes me not wanna go there as much...
In town for the weekend and this place seemed like it could have potential. The food is homemade and the workers are nice. I ordered three pupusas: Loroco con queso, black beans and cheese and one with chicharron. They were good, but the didn't have as much in the middle as I am used to. Overall it was good, but I have had many much better pupusas.
Excellent, friendly service for a great price. I brought my shoes in and 2 days later they looked BRAND NEW. I would highly recommend this place. They're just 1/2 block south of Main St. by the Nile.
I would give 5 STARS to my ultra sound tech who did my ultrasound! She was very knowledgeable and extremely friendly. She talked me through the whole process. She did a great job and deserves to be acknowledged! She is very good at what she does!\n\nI give the two stars for the disorganization. I filled out the paperwork online early so that I didnt have to do it in the office before my appointment. They didnt have the paperwork on file and I had to refill all of the paperwork out. Plus they could/should be a little more friendly at the desk. \n\nAs for the doctor I saw. I don't even remember her name.....She was not that friendly. I'm not sure if I'm just picky because my other OB has great bedside manner and is really friendly or what......All in all I will not be going back to this place (hopefully) unless it is a necessary referral.
Although the staff is very friendly, actually getting them to do anything is difficult at best. We had been working with them for nearly six months on the design and pricing until having to finally give up because they never once hit their own deadlines. While we've known several people who have had good experiences, we apparently were not so lucky. If you cannot keep your promises while you're quoting the business, you cannot be trusted to keep them once we've committed. You have lost our business and  any opportunity that we would ever refer you to anyone.
Stopped by this market was actually looking for the u pick peaches place.  Went into the store some of the veggies looked old.  Found 2 strawberries & a couple tomatoes, went to the counter checked out and she said $3.01 but the store charges $.50 to use a debit or credit card so it was $3.51 I said oh I did not see that I have cash in my purse and the lady said it already went through.  I explained I did not know they charged a fee and she spouted off it cost me $.90 and very unprofessional said do you want your $.50 back. I understand business & costs and this is one I will now AVOID.
I called ahead and made a 3:30 appointment for a haircut so I wouldn't have to wait. I arrived on time and told the receptionist that I had an appointment with Kelli. Rather than tell Kelli I was there waiting, this arrogant woman ignored me and continued to talk on the phone for maybe 10 minutes before I got angry and left. No way would I go back to this business. They are obviously unable to hire front-desk employees with a minimum level of competence.
This location seems to go through an abnormally large number of new staff constantly. I have not had a problem with getting the correct order, but customer service is very hit and miss.
Stop by for dinner last night and place has good food and service was attentive here. Prices are good and the atmosphere is good. I be back later to see if the place stay consistent with service and food.
The good news is the restaurant seemed clean, the steak sub was better than expected and the fries, which were requested crispy, were very good. \nBut the reality is I probably won't be back. It is obvious that they cut a lot of corners and I don't eat out to get lower quality than I could get at home. The fettuccini alfredo with broccoli was well proportioned with pasta (the cheapest part of the dish) but mainly broccoli stems with 2 florets with what tasted like watered down jarred sauce, the mashed potatoes tasted instant, the soup was canned, coffee was never refilled, service was mediocre and atmosphere was lacking. \nIt's not horrible, but nothing to get excited about and although I usually have a 'give it two tries' policy, I'm pretty sure I'm breaking it this time. Life is too short for mediocre!
Slow, disorganized service and a very rude manager who did absolutely nothing to help the wait staff or us. This isn't the first time we've experienced this service, but it's definitely the last. The patio is nice, but there are other options in the area with better service and food.
This review is only for the food and drinks on the patio.  The view is beautiful!  But the food and drinks were lame.  \n\nI used to work here in the late 80's and the kitchen was so filthy that I swore I would never eat there again (food was good back then) - I can tell you stories!\n\nThis past weekend we were at the Renaissance Festival and since my mom lives near the resort  we thought we would give it a try on the way to her house. I don't know if the kitchen is clean (one would hope) but the food quality is definitely poor.
Slow as fudgesicles.
My brother took me here when I was out visiting. He really liked this place so we went here. I ordered the green chili and corn tamales and loved them! They had a kind of sweet and spicy taste to them. They were soft and delicious! This place is a little pricey, but very tasty and awesome service! We sat outside and there is a really nice waiter out there but I cannot remember her name. I would love to go here again the next time I visit AZ. \nP.S.... my brother is a crazy white boy.
Nothing to get excited about.  The food is OK but don't go out of your way to visit this place....the prices are a little expensive for what you get and the food isnt any better than what you get at Filbertos.  At least the dinning room is nice, clean, and comfortable.  (unlike many other places in AJ).
Don't waste your time.  Blah food, horrible service, the waiter was very nice but seemed way over worked.  The salsa had zero taste, my daughters cheese quesadilla was dripping in grease, they never brought her sour cream, but charged us for it.  My husband and I shared fish tacos and they were BLAND, the menu said they came with \"special sauce\" but when they came there wasn't any sauce, we asked for it but never got it.
Well we had guest from Texas in so v we tool them to the lake to see the area. We stop to eat and waited for 20 minutes for someone to seat us. They would look and just go with there own selfs. I ask should we sit down and was told no. Well finally I said that's it we left and drove 2 miles to tortilla flats and was seated right away and they were packed. Never agian will I go to canyon lake to eat .
The food was great but the service was not nearly as good as the food. I'm pretty sure the staff did not want to be there. Next time I'll just order take out.
Great food, decent prices.  We got 2 breakfast plates and a coffee $13.99.  2 pancakes 2 eggs, potatoes,  2 sausage & 2 biscuits and gravy,  2eggs, bacon, potatoes.   We were seated within 5 minutes.   Service was nice and sufficiently fast.  They even made drinks to go.  Very awesome.
Did not want to give one star. Horrible service, grouchy servers..... Worst service ive ever had. Do your family a favor.... Don't eat at golden china..... Especially if your Hispanic
Take your elementary-aged children for a short day-trip.
I was looking for something to do with the in laws and this seemed right up their alley. It's a tourist trap, lots of  touristy stuff for sale and everything costs extra money. It was neat to see, got great pics and the history was great. Won't go again, once was enough but it was something to experience and glad I did.
I was harassed, belittled, embarrassed and even physically manhandled by Jay, one of the managers. When I asked to speak to his boss because I was so insulted by how he was treating a woman he physically laid his hands on me, rubbing my back all while telling me that he was so high up in management that he could do whatever he wanted. I have never been treated so poorly, will NEVER return or recommend this place. Jay needs to be fired... or arrested!
This is the worst food I have ever had. Smelly Salmon, mushy broccoli, saw dust dry burger, rock hard ribs. Even the mashed potatoes were thick and dry. I understand this place's forte' is rock memorabilia, they should at least provide palatable food, not saw dust. They would be better off serving TV dinners. Stay away from this place. if you must go, then just have some appetizers and leave.
Waited an hour for a flu shot... Ridiculous\nI came after a suggestion from walgreens that it was cheaper and easier there. This was not true. My time is worth more than a $7 discount. Also staff was not impressive, massive bruise the morning after from adjusting the needle in my muscle. Will not return.
I took my cat and Chihuahua there for a bath and brush to get all the loose hair off. Did and excellent job! Plus the toenails were cut nice and short and ears where cleaned very good! My cat had extremely dirty ears and does not like her ears cleaned. I was very happy with the grooming!!
Friendly staff\nCrunchy munchy wrap was yummy\nSweet potato wedges with sriracha mayo was pretty good.\n\nWill be back.
I'm already a huge fan of any Cracker Barrel so I was excited to eat already.  This one is just as charming and cute as any other Cracker Barrel.  The homestyle cooked food was well prepared and service was friendly.  The prices are reasonable as well.  One of my favorite spots for home cooked food when I'm feeling too lazy to cook.
I you like egg shells in your cool scrambled eggs, cold toast and no butter, a look of \"I guess I'll get it for you\",  a fruit dish with 5-6 small pieces of fruit for $2.60 and a waitress that has not been trained, then this Cracker Barrel is the one for you!!\nWhen you informed the waitress(???) about the eggs and shells the plate was taken and returned warmed up so now there was dried crunchy scrambled eggs. I guess by warning egg shells that softens them.\nAND TO ADD TO THIS....I GOT THE PRIVILEGE OF PAYING FULL PRICE!!!!\nOh the poor residents of Casa Grande that have to put up with this.\nIt used to be such a good enjoyable place to meet and eat.
*Quick \n\n*Pleasant Service\n\n*Inexpensive for a generous amount of food \n\n*The best overall tasting Chinese I have found thus far in the Casa Grande Area!
Pretty lame, even for Casa Grande. Went on a Thursday night when they are supposed to be open until midnight. They apparently decided they wanted to close early because hardly anyone was there, so the waitress told us it was last call at 9:30 even though we had not even been there very long and were clearly planning to stay for the evening. Awesome.\n\nThe beer selection is very basic. Maybe two of the taps rise above the level of barely tolerable, for anyone who's into flavorful beer. But, I guess that's a function of their clientele more than anything else. I'm not a beer snob by any means, but give me something more than light domestics.
Gross! I decided to try the hotel restaurant this time. It took like 40 minutes to get my food and the pasta sauce tasted like it was canned. I could have microwaved better food in my room.
Good meal, good food.  Very good wait staff.  A wee bit expensive, but that was minor compared to the quality of the food and the apparent cleanliness of the restaurant.  We were amazed at the number of folks that kept streaming in for carryout.  Since we've never been to the restaurant, the locals must have already discovered this little gem.  I'd almost give it five stars, but would want to try other items on the menu first.
This place had it's day...that day has passed. \n\nI used to love eating Ricardo's growing up, and once I moved out of state I used to look forward to coming here to eat when visiting family. Nowadays... Man, this place has plummeted low. The chile they serve with the chips is more of a half hearted parody of what the sauce used to be. The food quality isn't what I remember it, but maybe I just didn't notice the quality when I was younger. \n\n  The service is so so depending on who your server is. The inside of the place has been the exact same as long as I can remember it. \n\n   I love the ice tea here if that makes any difference. I used to love this place, it's a shame I still don't.
I went to get lunch around 10:26 and there's always some kind of hassle with these people. The rude woman in drive thru said we're not serving lunch right now. But when I went to the same place 3 weeks ago they started serving it at 10:20 WTF ???? I left this dump. What a lousy way to start the day. Cocksuckers !!!
Inner Vision has yoga classes for all levels and all moods--getting a good workout, moving some muscles before meditating, or stretching, relaxing and leaving stress behind. Not a mediocre teacher in the bunch--they are all wonderful! Monday night in Chandler Yin/Relax with Patricia makes the rest of my week go a lot smoother.
Friendly, casual atmosphere with very tasty pizza.  Huge variety of toppings and an excellent olive oil base.  I find the pizzas with tomato sauce to be a little bland, but all of the rest have been fantastic.  Salads are huge and fresh.
Best pizza in ahwatukee hands down. It's also the kind of place that reminds me of home which is a great compliment.
I really  like NYPD food and service. Don't sit on the patio though, they forget about you out there. I was disgusted and left from the lack of service out there. I did eventually come back because I like their food.
Crispy thin crust, and fresh flavorful ingredients.  Very highly recommended if you want a good quality pizza.
This place is sooooo good!  And the customer service and delivery is great!  Win-win.  I had been to the location at the airport and was telling my husband about it, so we decided to order some for delivery and went back for a carry out order a week later.  The garlic knots are a must for us, they are awesome - make sure to ask for extra sauce if you are a marinara fan like we are.  As far as pizzas, the white pizza and bbq chicken are amazing!  We are going to try the buffalo chicken pizza next time around.  I highly recommend this place.  Also, if you check your mailers, you will find coupons for them pretty frequently - we had a $5 off $25 that we used this last time.  So if you are on the fence, use a coupon.  You will be glad you tried them!
My girlfriend took her 1995 Toyota Land Cruiser in to get the Valve Cover gasket replaced, and the shop said the vehicle was too high off the ground to work on the engine. So they removed the tires to lower the vehicle and then rested it on the brake rotors. My girlfriend almost had a heart attack when she saw that. Then they split the cold air intake tube and said for $200 they could replace it. We both have Toyota Land Cruisers and we will never return to this shop.
I love love love Angel Sweet, I just wish it was not in Chandler! It's a little bit pricier than most gelato shops I have been to in Phoenix, but not a big deal. They have a nice variety of choices, but my favorite by far is brownie batter, but they only have it every once in a while.
Good stuff. \n\nWatermelon gelato is tasty. Thumbs down for styrofoam.\n\n Kid behind the counter was super friendly but the place was in a busy strip mall and deserted. \n\nThumbs up for homemade gelato. All for that. \n\nReally want for a place like this to succeed. Good stuff. Large portions.
I gave this place 5 stars in the past but I have changed my mind since new owners have taken over.  They have raised their prices and you can only get one flavor for the kid size, which you used to be able to get two.  Thumbs down!
Round and short! It is not that complicated. I was unfortunately very disappointed. They tried to get me in and out in 10 minutes, like really ?  They tried to just and file my nails and not cut them. After she was done and asked if I liked. I asked if she was going to shorten my nails and she started clipping them with a cuticle cutter. Basically I would never come back and would not recommend anyone to go here.
These guys have never been less than stellar in the service they provide.  I have used them for years as a homeowner as well as CEO of medium-sized Human Services agency in the Chandler area.  These folks will help you with what you need, research options for you, allow you to return batteries without question, are very knowledgeable, and best of all, really not afraid to take a risk by trusting their customers.  I highly recommend them
Three and a half hours and nearly $500 later, I brought my puppy home in worse shape than when I had taken her in. They had put her \"in the back\" in a kennel and either allowed her or didn't care to notice her pawing at the kennel door to the point that she mangled her dew claw. So after bringing her in to be treated for a seizure and vomiting, we left with no better understanding of or treatment for those issues, with the added bonus of a huge cast-looking bandage job covering her whole front paw and half the leg. Really? I had to pay close to $500 for her to sustain an injury under their care and to receive absolutely no resolution of the issues we went in for? Yep. Thanks for nothing.
If you want to go and be over charged, or you like the switch and bait plan then this is the store for you. When I called and asked about their prices they stated \"our prices are the same as refilling your ink cartridge\" BUT when I got there they wanted to charge me $1.oo less than retail. Order your ink on line, ALOT cheaper.
$4 OPI!  Read Carina's review, b/c I didn't want to pay $8.50 at Ulta... geez, so cheap... alot of the OPI colors already have separated (heat?  age?) so make your choice for price over quality... I'm so cool for $4 though.\n\nOn the same end where China Magic Noodle is, same plaza as Lee Lee's.
We tried this carwash for the second time yesterday hoping for a little better results.  Once we saw our car come through the carwash, it was evident that there were too many cars and not enough employees to handle them all.  We ordered \"The Works\" which includes vacuuming and wiping the interior.  The exterior looked great, but as we drove away, we realized that the entire dashboard area hadn't been touched.  The guy was obviously too rushed to realize he completely missed that part.  Third time won't be a charm because we probably won't be back.
I get my car washed here a lot never a problem! Today I left with water spots on my car and they told it was because I parked next to a sprinkler and it was the hard water that produced the stains. Might I remind you that I get my cars (plural) washed here a lot! Wtf are these ppl telling me!? They said in order to remove them I have to get it buffed and detailed! Guess what? If the water spots come from my sprinklers, then every time I bring my car in for a wash, there will be water spots from the same damn sprinklers... because that is where I park and the same damn sprinkler will always be present! BUT I never left with that lame reason AND with water spots THAT IS ONLY REMOVABLE BY A $120 detailed! You ever wonder why your reviews are in the 3 stars?
I just want to warn everyone who might be renting at The Greens to READ YOUR LEASE as if you do not give a 60 day notice if you do not intend to renew your lease these people will charge you a huge chunk of money!!!   They will NOT work with you, listen to you, empathize with you, as it's all about the money and the fact that you did not read your lease.....they could care less.   They forced my daughter into signing her lease over email, did not ever sit down and review it with her and even though she gave them at least 45 days notice that she would not be renewing her lease, they could have cared less.  Just so you know.... you MUST give a 60 days notice or you are you know what out of luck!   Pretty poor!
The care I received here was satisfactory.\nMy complaint is every time I have called, I am on hold for AT LEAST 10 solid minutes.\nThe vibe is a little aloof.\nThe only person who has been helpful is Martha in billing. Thanks Martha! You are bringing the place up a notch. :)
Ive heard tons of great things about this place. I decided to get the #1 Two Chicken Enchiladas with beans and rice and it was bleeeeeeegh. I got a spoonful of so-so rice, beans that tasted like they had just come from a can and the enchiladas were even worse. \n\nNormally I dont give places second chances, but the service was good, and the place was very clean. I might try the chorizo or the carne asada next time. Definitely will avoid the enchiladas.
Breakfast burritos are awesome!  Choose from bacon, sausage, ham ... or my favorite - no meat.  Really good food.  In a hurry or don't want to wait? No problem - call ahead and your order will be ready when you get there.\n\nWe usually place our order and then head next door to Starbucks and get our morning caffeine fix...by the time we get back - order is ready!  \n\nPrices are reasonable.  Service is good.  Food is what you'd expect.  Nachos, burritos, enchilada plates are all very good.  Taquitos can be a little dry, but hey - that's what sour cream is for. Right?\nOh yeah - tons of FREE parking!
Sigh.  The taco plate was skimpy and bland.  I don't mind getting a small portion, but don't charge me $8.21 for it.\n\nGet ready to drench your flavor-challenged tacos in hot sauce.  Maybe try a burrito instead?\n\nOne word: disappointing.
Okay food in a fast food ambiance.  I had the chicken chimichanga combination plate.  The tortilla was very crispy and the filling included some cheese, onions, and chilies.  The chimi was topped with generous helpings of guacamole and sour cream.  The rice was dry, but the refried beans were okay.  The Dr. Pepper in the soda fountain was a teensy bit watered down. \n\nMy husband was not impressed with his carnitas burrito.  He got a nasty surprise when he cut it open.  It was stuffed with pico de gallo and guacamole, in addition to the dry carnitas.  He hates guacamole.
Great location right off the lake with indoor/outdoor seating, family friendly (Weds are family night), great Mexican food (yes, its greasy)-with about 10 dinner combos which can please just about anyone, AND we get a buy one get one free through the mail almost weekly that it just makes sense to keep coming back for more! =) Plus their chips, salsa, and bean dip just about seal the deal for me! Yummy!
I wish I could give them 10 stars. The service is always top notch and I love the Chimi's
First and foremost, always use a coupon. If you live in Chandler they should come in the mail every other week. This will save you at least $12. Everyone here is friendly. The food has never disappointed and I've been here about 100 times. There are many good selection. The shredded beef taco is big and juicy. It tastes amazing. The burritos are decent but are a little bland. The Chimichanga is good, but is it worth the extra calories for being deep fried? That all depends on your metabolism. My new favorite choice here is the Mexican pizza. It is huge and filling. There are so many different flavors going on. The chips and salsa here are my favorite(tied with Serrano's that is). There is also a nice patio outside on a pond with a water fountain in the water that lights up at night. It looks pretty cool.
Rude, rude, rude.  The clerk today was put out by my business.  My fiance warned me but I was willing to give her the benefit of the doubt.  She failed to greet me; didn't want to count the items; delivered 2 pieces of disappointing news with a look and a tone that spoke volumes (TOUGH),\nNo, little girl, tough for you!  We will be going elsewhere in the future.
A little pricey, but worth it. It's typical to spend around $15 for 2 people, which for fast food is up there. Even though the Yelp pricer thing say, cheap? Turkey with corn and mash potatoes and mac n cheese. Mmmmm. I only with they still had the sirloin.
I've been here a few times and I like that it's right up the street from where I love. On Tuesday and Wednesday they have specials on manicures and pedicures which is $5 cheaper then the original price. So far everyone I've gone they have always done a good job on my nails. The only thing I don't like about this place is it takes two people to do my nails. One lady usually does takes off the nail polish, cut the cuticles and file my nails, then when it's time to do my gel manicure another lady finishes it up. Every time I've gone this has happened and I always have to double tip which is super annoying!
Best Pho in Phoenix and the best price.  No place better and no place cheaper.  Me an My wife go back again and again. Very Very Very good.  12 - 14 dollars two people with water as drink. you can't beat that.
The hubs and I are suckers for some good Pho and we haven't found better in Phoenix since we moved here. The restaurant itself is nothing special but what does one expect when you can get two bowls of pho, two drinks, and crispy spring rolls for under $15? We've never eaten anything else there but in the cooler months we eat here at least 3 times a month... sometimes more =)
Saigon Pho Falls Flat\n\nYears ago, my husband and i went to Saigon Pho regularly before choir practice to get a bowl of Bun Hanoi.  Once we quit the choir, and found Cyclo, Saigon Pho was no longer on the radar screen.  Last night, i craved a bowl of pho, and wanting to mix it up a bit, we thought we'd visit the old haunt.\n\nWell, disappointing.  The Pho Tai was flat in flavor, greasy and very, very average.  the \"salad\" consisted of a handful of bean sprouts, a lemon wedge, one basil leaf (!) and a sickly branch of couple day old mint leaves.  \n\nIt was sustenance, but not a great food treat.  \n\nwe'll be moving on.
Really Good Vietnamese food! Good Service. I always order the same. Pho Soup, egg noddle, seafood style.
Don't order their combination Pho - it comes with actual balls of fat, tripe and tendons! Instead, you'll want to order the ALL rare beef Pho and you have to tell them that you don't want any tripe, tendons or fat. This place is much nicer and cleaner than my favorite Phu place in Mesa but the food, portion and price isn't as good.
When you gaze upon it the aesthetic of the piece has a simplistic almost minimalistic feel to it. But on second glance, you realize the work of art is a masterpiece. It has tons of details with eye catching colors. The lines flow so fluidity. Some may say the work could have come from the pre-Raphaelite era while others argue it could be comparable to postmodernism. However when the piece is placed juxtaposed with a similar piece it is easy to see the differences. It doesn't end there with the visual appeal but it arouses the other senses invoking emotional reactions to it. For me i felt the warmth and comfort which followed but the tingling of my taste and nerves. Yes i am talking about Saigon's pho. It is a masterpiece, a work of art.
I'm a big fan of this particular PETCO and PETCO stores in general.  Their ethical practices outshine their competitors.  I also find that their selection in the amphibian and reptile section to be awesome!  They always seem to have my kitty foods and litter and treats on sale too.  I recently took my new kitten to see Santa at this PETCO location.  Santa and his staff were very professional and gentle with my baby.  The picture came out great, and part of the cost is donated to animal charity.  Great place to take your pet!
I prefer Petsmart better because they have a better selection and prices. I like Petco for their cookie bar so I can pick up some cookies that are friendly for pets for my pets. That's basically it, I only shop here on occasion because of the location. Go to Pets Inc in Tempe instead for a real shopping experience.
Great location for finding better clothes. I have found East Mesa, South Gilbert, Chandler, and Northwest Scottsdale to have the best clothing at these Goodwills! I love 50% saturdays and service is usually pretty good! Just try to beat the crowd early on the 50% saturdays or go later in the day.
I really like that the free weights are separated from the treadmill area. pool is nice trainers are great too. I usually go after work and its never too crowded. they also have some great spin classes.
As a partner in the property management industry, I have to say that this property has already seen so many positive changes in the past few weeks.  The staff is very welcoming and it has become one of my favorite places to visit.
I must've come here on a bad day considering all of the other glowing reviews. I've got two things to say about this place: \n\na) It's very affordable.\nb) Up until I visited this place, I thought pizza was like sex. That is, there's no such thing as bad sex. Well, the Floridino's pizza just kinda laid there.\n\nI should probably try it again, even though my first visit was underwhelming. One more minor note, this place also has a full bar and it's the first thing you see when you walk into the place. Not sure why that survey question has been answered differently by every other user.
Good simple American Italian food. Prices are great. Service is pretty fast. \nAvoid Wednesday night as it's Lowery organ test night. Loud old-time music. Not sure why.
As some one who has been coming here for years, I can tell you the items on the menu are hit and miss. My family loves the baked spaghetti, pizzas, calzones, pizza muffins, and eggplant parm. I've had several of there other pasta dishes (eg: alfredo) and was not a fan. You just have to know what to order from there. The pizza and calzones are awesome!!!!!!
Always a treat. The only thing that I can complain about is how crowded it is, but hey that just means its good! We always get their pizza rolls with ham in them. They taste amazing and make amazing leftovers too. They alone are enough to make a meal. I've also had their pasta which tasted very good. I do wish they would make it a bit brighter in here, though.
I have been bringing my pet here for 10 years.They know me and my dog by name. They have always taken time to answer even the silliest questions I have. I cannot even begin to calculate the amount of money the wellness plan saves me for healthcare for my dog. They have a caring staff and provide great quality care. I wouldn't take my dog anywhere else
When you're a thyroid and kidney patient, you get the joy of visiting Los Vampires at Sonora Quest rather frequently. Oh no, I'm not afraid of needles. Just sick of catching crap from friends, family and co-workers for walking around looking like an intravenous drug user . . . \n\nI've been both right when the place opens at 7AM, and after work (4PM). You can either walk in, or book an appointment online. Highly recommend just making an appointment, because while you can just show up, prepare for a major wait. Appointments I've made are almost always on time. \n\nSyed is awesome. Never a bruise or a goose egg when my appointments are with him! :)
A most unexpected gem! If you are a wine drinker, fabulous flights! Great selection! I can't say much more other than... AWESOME!
Good Pizza,Calzones nothing exceptional.Shopping center wine bar.
Their computer is down today, every one was checked in manually upon arrival. As it turned out they failed to check me in and you guessed it, when I brought it to their attention when they started taking customers who checked in after me for haircuts they then checked me in, back of the line. \n\nI asked if I had to wait at the end of the list or was I next. The lady said I was next...not even an apology....BAD!!!\n\nYou guessed it, someone else was called and my feet walked out of their store with my cash.  \n\nI won't be back...ever!!!\n\nYou gotta be kidding!!!
Everytime I order here or stop in and eat it's been great food. The only thing is the service there is really hit and miss so ill give a 4 overall. 5 on food and 3 on service
I had a BBQ Beef Sandwich at Chase's Diner today. Good food as well as good fries. This is one of those 50's style diners that's fun to eat at. I also like the sign I read when eating there that stated,\nAll Unattended Children Will Be Given an Espresso and a New Puppy. \nHilarious.
Been coming here for years. I love love love this place!! Their 'The Works' skillet is amazing and so is their French Toast. It's made with a delightful custard batter that can put a smile on anyone's face. To be frank, all of their food is great. The service is stellar too!! You see a lot of the same people. During the week, they have a great breakfast special. There is no reason to come eat here!!
We came for dessert.  The kids liked their sundae and shake.  They were not very tasty to me...the chocolate shake had a strange cinnamon after taste.  My German chocolate cake just made me sad.  Blech.  The server was very nice.  But I won't be back.
The food is fine - it's bagels for crying out loud! The problem here is two-fold: 1) the layout of the place is bad, causing you to queue in the dining area and then wait for your food while you're in the way of customers coming in, going out or getting beverages; 2) as others state - the service is horrible!\n\nConvenient but poor service.
My daughter went here and ordered the sampler platter and is highly allergic to shrimp she asked to subsitute it for something else and they said no.  They could put it on the side.  I called the manager and they said it is not cost effective for them to do this.  I called corporate and they said they do not do substitutions and they have no way to ensure there is no cross contamination with products people are allergic to.  This is a scary thought.  I work in a restaurant and there is away to do it.  Please if you have allergies or medical issues and you are not able to have certain items do NOT go to any Black Angus.  This is there company policy.
Went for lunch. Wife order Cobb salad. I order prime rib open face sandwich. Slow but food finally came. Wife looked salad and said no eggs or avocados  waiter said they were out. I could not cut prime rib with steak knife  did bring another. Worse than first. Left hungry
Had prime rib and King crab legs.  Loved the prime rib.  Crab want bad I enjoyed it. On the fishy side.  So just avg.  Tough to eat s meal like tjat with water. Wish the had coke.  The gf sent back her bland sirlon and ended up with very fatty Ribeye. She said my prime rib tasted great just kind of salty. I admit I can like a little salt.   Salad was great cold plate and cold fork.  I'm gonna have to give these guys another try. I enjoyed it.
The service and food is nothing but top notch.  I am fortunate to live close by.  Matt runs a tight ship.  If you want quality food with a friendly face, this is the place to go.  The bar staff is the friendliest that I have ever met.  Servers remember your name and what you like.  I don't have enough great things to say about Paulino.  If anyone knows how to finesse a quality cut, it is him.  Be certain to pop in at the bar and say hi to Ryan and Jordan.  They are down to earth great people.  Love the food here.  The Keg or anyone around has nothing on the meat.  And be certain to come in for Prime Rib Wednesday.
My fav coffee place! Any/all of the frost or iced drinks are super good. I've had some hot drinks, and they're surprisingly good too, especially since i'm not much of a hot coffee drinker. I usually get the black & white mocha frost, it's the best! The baristas & owners are all super friendly! When i got my tonsils taken out, they even offered me complimentary drinks:) The wifi isnt bad either ! it's always a relaxing place to get some homework done or just hangout with friends.
The people seem to know how to make coffee, but that's it. I tried to have a conversation with the guy, who claims to be Turkish about Middle Eastern cultural and how diverse it was and he said, \"the Middle East really isn't that diverse.\" Uh-huh and that's why there's so many problems between Sunnis and Shiites right?\n\nThat aside, they have taken call ahead orders, usually make a good cup of coffee and serving sizes are the standard. A bit pricey, but they do have a frequent buyer card that sort-of masks the Starbucks-esque pricing of the place. I was put off by the chauvinistic reviews that others had posted and the ignorance of the people for all things not coffee.\n\nWhen I asked where they get the Baklaava, the answer was Ali Baaba, which is a wholesale food distributor in the valley. You could buy it yourself for a fraction of the price.
The owners of these 3 locations really get it. I mean really get it : I have had the pleasure of being served their hot and delicious coffee by Stefano, Zach, Kelsea, Adam, Lauren, Booz, Coco and the awesome Devon at their Ray and Elliott locations daily for the last 3 weeks. This is a happy and fun bunch that is enjoying this and doing a fantastic job. Very proactive, counters are always stocked and clean. I believe I might be re gifting my gift card from the other NW coffee co.
Si Seor is the best Mexican food Chandler has to offer, from what I've tried.  The vegetarian combination is the best!  They offer quite a few combination platters to choose from, or you can get a plate of just your favorites.  I bring all of my out-of-town visitors to this restaurant, pushing the sangria and combinations to all who dine with me.  Their horchata is also quite tasty, and it's a nice compliment to the dishes with the red sauce.  The sopapilla is a perfect ending, and I'm happy to report that they also include them with take-out orders.  Very good value for your money!
Very good chips and salsa delivered to start the meal.  2 salsas, a bean dip, and a jalapeno ranch dip  -  and the chips are above decent.  The second batch of chips and salsa will cost you $2.95, however.\n\nBut the menu prices are a little high.  Spent $26 on 1 Appetizer, 1 Entree', and two drinks.  Nothing we had was outstanding, compared to other local places.\n\nI'd go back just to make a meal from 2 batches of the chips and salsa, drink water, and get out of there for under $5.
Food was okay, my rice was good but my flautas were super greasy and not very flavorful... The best thing about the experience was probably the bean dip and chips. But I've still had better
Great food, really like the green chile burger. ( I know, I order a burger from a Mexican food place, but it's awesome) Also, they bring sopapilla's (sic?) after your meal which are delicious. Service has a tendency to be slow, never got refills, but otherwise a good place to get your grub on.
I don't wear suits often, so I totally appreciated their advise on what will make me look my best.  Extremely professional, and they really know their stuff.  After they showed me the tailoring that needed to be done, I could really see how a good suit is supposed to look.  This place rocks.  If I had to do it all over again, I would visit the Tailor BEFORE even going out to buy a suit.  He helps you know what to look for in a suit.
Extremely poor customer service - the owner lied to me when I came to pick up my clothing and it wasn't ready. That was after calling the night before and getting attitude for inquiring before he originally said it would be ready. There's nothing special about this place.
They serve the simple \"street\" style tacos I like. I had one al pastor and one asada. Both tacos were tasty. The al pastor had a nice spice to it. I also had a green tamale that was really gross. All masa and barely any cheese or green chile they said was suppose to come in it. Can't seem to find a spot with good tamales around here. I also got a jamaica to drink and wished I had gotten the horchata that I initially wanted instead. It was watered down and sour without the sweet.  So basically... come here for the tacos... don't bother with anything else. \n\n*Note: I didn't receive this as I ordered take out, but there was a sign that said \"free chips and salsa for dine in customers\".
I really wanted horchata, so when my boyfriend and I were driving around for lunch, I searched on Yelp for a Mexican restaurant and decided on this place. The man behind the counter was nice and just said to let him know when I was ready to order, since I was still waiting for my bf to come inside. I decided on the chicken enchiladas and horchata, and my bf got a burrito. The chips and salsa they brought out before were tasty, and my horchata was good was well (free refills if you get a large!). My enchiladas were okay, but my boyfriend devoured his burrito and said it was really good, so I guess I'll have to try that next time.
The tacos here are street style, which means that they are muy tiny.  I have been here around 4 or 5 times and they are always overloaded with cilantro.  Customer service is very good however.
I was very lucky today as I walked in their lunch special was \"MOLE\" oh my!  I love this stuff.. it was $5.99 w/ the delicious side of beans and rice, perfect serving size w/ a warm toritlla... I loved it - I've been in and out of this place for the last 6 years... pretty descent... they are def more traditional than americanized...
I came to check this place out because it had four stars on yelp and my boyfriend and I were in the mood for Mexican food. I ordered the green chili plate and my boyfriend got the carne asada burrito and we shared the menudo. I was expecting the food taste more authentic but when we got our food, it was bland and not very tasteful. We felt like we could have just gone to Filerberto and got better food. The only thing good about this place was our food came out fast and the person who took our order was nice. Other then that, I will not be coming back to eat here. We left very unsatisfied!
I really like the convenience of drive thru Starbucks, but this one has a traditional vibe that makes me want to get out of my car. They are friendly and always get my drink right.
Great coffee and snack selection.  They are friendly and efficient.  I usually end up here more than I expect because Einstein Bagels next door tends to let me down, so I walk right over here and they consistently great.
I have been shopping at Lee Lee's for over ten years.  The store stocks Chinese, Malaysian, Korean, Japanese, West Indian and other foods.  You can usually find what you are looking for here.  \n\nThe fish selection is vast, fresh and reasonably priced.  \n\nThey have the finest selection of noodles and yerba mate tea!!!\n\nEnjoy
Hands down... I love this place. They  have everything! Lots and lots of variety from imported goodness to the freshest produce. A chef's dream? yes, I believe so. \nI can always find what I need here.
I am shock! \n\nToday I bought \"Monica - Lapis Surabaya's\" cake. The code is 751160. I sliced it at home and I found the moldy inside. You can't tell without you slice it. I ate 3 slices before I knew about the moldy, I hope I am OK..Lol.. \n\nPoor me! I should checked the expired date before I bought it (I should not forget again next time...LOL). It turned out that there's no expired date printed on the box. \n\nStill, I would like to go back to this place for fresh vegetables, meats, and anything else (as long there's expired date print on it...Lol).
The smell of this place is very strong ( in a bad way )  when you step foot in it. \nI understand they have alot of items you may not find in a traditional store, but I dont care. I couldnt get past the front of the store to check it out. I respect that the seafood and other items are supposed to be \"fresh\" but I amot the first person to have this feeling about the place. I go to other stores that are international stores , carry meats and seafoods and they dont smell anything like this.
yes it smells but when I've been here I just imagine traveling to all the countries, ,depths and dark places to get all the things they have here.
international az
I've been going to Lee Lee's for a number of years, but it seems to be in a decline over the last year. While the selection and stock of some ethnic sections are still maintained, the Japanese foods aisle is not being stocked regularly. Lee Lee's has never had an outstanding Japanese food section, but it had most of the essentials. Being of Japanese descent, this section was a lifesaver for me-but no more. Instead of the familiar brands and selection of Japanese goods a ten-foot section of shelves was being fronted with CostCo (Kirkland) roasted seaweed. While I do buy seaweed from CostCo occasionally, when I'm having some good rice I look for the slightly thicker and more flavorful Japanese brands. Even their rice section was decimated and lacked stock. I guess I'll look for a new market.
Normally I eat sushi on the sushi side. Tonight I dined teppanyaki. Very flavorful chicken and crisp veggies. \nShrimp were ok.\n\nThe show was ok, but not as good as bigger city restaurants. \nVery basic. \nBut if it is your first teppanyaki visit, it will seem outstanding.\n\nUsed a groupon special which saved quite a bit, only complaint. If you plan on buying alcohol buy the higher priced groupon. It will save you way more in the long run. \nAll In all still a great place to dine.
We did take out.  Chichen beef and shrimp with veggies was very good.  Salad we threw out which was iceberg lettuce with a dab of some sweet Asian salsa type stuff.  Fried rice was extra cost.  2 people came to 30+ bucks - 15 a plate is too much for takeout.
Its like a Jamba Juice but with heart.   The owners are very friendly and as I always say we must support our local business's!  The wheatgrass here was clean, fresh and delicious ( well as good as wheatgrass can be) I also had a juice but none of the food... yet.  The juice was fantastic!  You can tell they really fine tuned their recipies and made something you cant make on your own.  That being said if the food is as good as that juice (which btw gave me CRAZY energy) i will be raising this to 5 stars.  The menu for food looked great, huge selection, no bland sandwiches but i was im a hurry so i didnt have sandwich time :( NEXT TIME 4 sure
Paradise Juice is a daily ritual when we're staying in Paradise Valley.  The freshly-made juices on the menu are great but PJ comes into it's own when you customize the standards.\n\nI love Kale, and getting a Green Juice made of primarily Kale instead of the basic offering of cucumber was no problem.\n\nIt's not the cheapest juice bar in town but you get what you pay for; Paradise Juice is worth every penny!
This was a very sad experience. We went on a Sunday night at about 7pm. The place was empty. It took some time to seat us. Tea took forever. Bread took forever. After 35 minutes waiting for simple food my dear wife got pissed and we left. Because I have honor, I wanted to pay for the tea on the way out. Even that took forever. I hoped that for the prices they charge and the fact that the place was empty that the service would be good. All I learned is why the place was empty. We then went to Cheddars next door and had a nice meal.
WORST color &  cut job ive ever had! The color was spotchy, faded into a goldish color the very next week & the cut was un-even. I ended up having to go to someone else to fix her horrible attempt at  \"high lights\" !!!! The minute you sit down she is rushing you out of the door & she didnt even blow dry my hair all the way! DO NOT GO THERE IF YOU ACTUALLY CARE ABOUT YOUR HAIR!!!
Sushi is first rate, the fish is so fresh! Loved the albacore,  tried beef toungue, DELICIOUS! Must come back and try the hot dishes.... Hard to find real Japanese food, so glad we found this!
Al does some seriously good fish - get ya sum!!!
I'm going to revise my original post after going on the maricopa.gov restaurant inspection list. It appears Shimogamo has a few citations for not keeping their fish at the appropriate temperature of below 41 degrees. In fact, these citations say it was up to 54 degrees.\n\nAs someone who checks the Maricopa.gov site regularly on these restaurant checks, I  know that there are some citations that are really stupid (for example - they got cited for not putting the \"consuming raw fish etc is bad for your health\". Duh, it's a sushi restaurant. But, raw fish storage to me is important, since that's how many people get sick from sushi restaurants. As much as I liked this place, I am going to hold off a couple months until the next inspection to make sure this isn't re-occuring .
Great slides for the three year old; haven't had a service issue, beyond typical fast food worker apathy.\nOil needs to be chaned in the fryer. :-P
Okay now this is a large chain and on average it's okay to good!  and I have been to this place many, many times, but I have to say the last time I went there for the happy hour hot wings (they were dry, over cooked) then I had ordered a steak and seafood combo (Cajun) something but after my second brew I thought it was me, so I had the wife and my son taste it man was it salty!!!!  It tasted like they dropped the salt shaker in the food, but my waitress assured me that could not have happened \"because all there sauces come in bags and are pre-made\" (Gross, that did it for me) I  was outta there with the quickness...
You get what you pay for.  Well, I got what they paid for.
Found this place from yelp and had to check it out based on the great reviews. All I can say is wow! This place is super yummy! I have a new favorite! Give it a shot, you won't be disappointed. My only downfall was they don't accept Amex cards.
The orange beef alone is good enough to earn this place 5 stars. I thought the teriyaki chicken was a little bland, but as an out of towner, i can already say my first stop off the plane next year will be for some more orange beef. Thank goodness for yelp, because the place itself is very plain, and never would've pegged it as a place that would've knocked my socks off with the first bite.
I do not believe how this place got the rating that it has. I got burnt, over cook shumai, precooked and dried out chicken.  Food is bad to go along with the unhelpful order taker.  I will not be back.
I've been coming here for years and the food has always been good the prices fair and the service exceptional.  it appears there is new management, the food is bad, and I say that with all sadness.  The teriyaki sauce is watered down a lacks flavor, the Yakasoba is dry.  Very sad.  The staff is OK but not near where it used to be. too bad.  my suggestion pass on this place.  You will see that all the good reviews are old.
I gotta say that if you have never tried Pho, you may think this place is the end all be all. It gets 3 stars from me because of the exposure it has given Viet food in the valley.  there are much better restaurants than Cyclo, with much better value and menus.
I really don't understand what the fuss is about with this place.  I had it years ago and thought it was horrible, but decided to give it a try again today with some co-workers. What a mistake!  First off, the food is horribly overpriced.  You can get a better bowl of pho at many other Vietnamese restaurants for half the price.  Taste wise, the pho was horrible.  It's all about the broth for a good bowl of pho, and it tasted like they just used beef broth from a can.  Additionally, the brisket smelled like it was spoiled.  Even my American co-worker thought the food tasted horribly.  This is the first time I have not left a tip at a restaurant.  It was that bad.  If you go to a Vietnamese restaurant and you don't see any Vietnamese people there, it should tell you something.
They would not even bother calling me back about getting a quote. Had to call three times to see what the deal was. Receptionist was very nice but apparently Dennis is a bum. Can't attest to any work since I was apparently not worth calling back.
It is Startbucks. Just like in your neighborhood.
My review is based solely on t-shirt purchases. \n\nI travel between ORD and PHX alot for business and family.  This time I had a short notice business trip and felt bad I had to leave DH behind so decided to go back here and get him a present.  Whew.  When we were out here in April, I thought this was one of the highest priced HD dealers to get a shirt.  \n\nSo decided to give it a try this time.  I ended up getting two shirts and out the door I went.  I gotta say the sales chick was very nice and got me in and out but I still say this is one of the highest priced HD dealers to get a shirt.  \n\nThere is something to be said, when I get a shirt at ORD cheaper than I can get one in Chandler.
These guys are a joke. Was getting an oil change and a new rear tire on my bike. Shopped around on the phone with several valley HD dealerships. Drove three hours to get there since i don't have a HD dealership in my area. Once I got there they jacked the price up and wanted 50.00 more to install the tire and 50.00 more for the oil change. Overall, they were 150.00 more expensive the the Scottsdale dealership. Met with the service adviser who gave me the quote and the service manager. Both had a \" tough shit\" attitude. Weren't willing to match the price or negotiate at all. Business must be great at Chandler Harley Davidson with their don't give a shit arrogant attitude. Wonder if the owners know that this is the way their management treats customers? Would not recommend going there and I know I never will again.?totally disgusted.
I have taken cars there 6 or so times. I have had only positive experiences with them and their rates are cheaper than most garages around. I saw reviews speaking of their misdiagnosing a problem. They actually fixed a problem for me that was misdiagnosed at another similar business in Chandler. Their staff is very nice as is their facility.
Great place to shop, the bakery and coffee area is cheaper than a Starbucks and the pastries are much better. The outside patio is a nice place to read the paper in the morning.\n\nThe staff is top notch and cares about the customers compared to other markets in town. For quick meals the sushi bar is excellent, so is the salad bar, and deli selections.\n\nThere is no negative to shopping here, unless you are using it as your main supermarket, then things can get pricey.
This review is for their sushi bar only. I have been going to AJ's sushi bar since 2006. At that time, the sushi chefs were awesome and I'd totally rate it four stars. Since that time they've had a lot of turn over, the hours have been cut, and generally their value for the price and the quality of the fish has gone downhill. Sadly, I will have to find a new place for my sushi take-out, as it is no longer worth the drive or the $$.\n\n2013 update: They've re-hired some of the old sushi chefs and this has returned to one of my favorite take-out sushi bars. The quality is back up with the old chefs working, and I'm happy they're back on my good side!
I recently started working in this area and discovered Aj's! I had heard rave reviews from friends but I had never been to an Aj's myself. I am very impressed. I have been stopping by every couple of days to try out the salad bar and soup options. They also have an amazing selection of craft beers that I scoped out today. I have not shopped here yet for other grocery items but it looks like they have a great selection of healthy foods and harder to find local items. \n\nThe bakery is also very nice and has a good selection of bagels, pastries, brownies and cupcakes. I ordered a green chile bagel here the other day for lunch which was delicious. The berry acai tea is also wonderful. Really I have not found anything bad about this place so far. The service has also been great on every visit. Top notch. I will be back.
I'm starting to get the hang of Indian food, and as George Costanza would say: \"I'm Loving It !\".  So when a friend suggested an Indian buffet, I was all over it.  India Gate is great, not pretentious or over the top, with a good sized menu, oh but I didn't want the menu Georgie, I wanted the buffet.\n\nIt had all of my favorites like palak paneer and matter paneer, plus some new favorites like the minced lamb and green chutney.\n\nI love their lunch buffet and stop by at least twice a month, but I was unimpressed with the lamb vindaloo entree from the menu. The lamb was tough and had gristle. Boo Gristle... Hooray Beer!
I went to Jason's on Saturday night for the first time. I ended up with a side salad and a baked potato. I didn't think you could have a baked potato that big! The potato was huge and could have been a meal by itself. \n\nLarge selection of items to choose from. I wish there was a few more vegtables at the salad bar and had more crouton options. \n\nI will have to head back to try the sandwiches.
I don't get Cold Stone.  My daughter once got the mint flavor w/ mix-in, it tasted like toothpaste, the mint flavor was so strong!\n\nThe mix-ins give ice cream w/ so-so flavor some zip, but that adds too many unnecessary calories.\n\nIf I'm gonna blow bucks on ice cream, its either a special stop to Angel Sweet where the flavors of the gelato on its own make it yummy, no need for mix-ins, or I'll pick up some Ben & Jerry's, Blue Bunny or Breyers from Fry's.
Ice cream was soft and not creamy like it used to be. Way over priced
Nice icecreams with a huge amount of alternatives. Nice place to grab an icecream when in the mall. Had the donought - one. Overall good place
Foot Locker is home to the largest selection of athletic shoes in the mall but the pricing could be better.  Their inventory also includes a dozen or so Foot Locker exclusives like several Nike Air Max 95 colorways.  \n\nFoot Locker sweats, hoodies, and other athletic gear are generally durable, fit well, and priced well.  The Chandler store also places some focus on team athletic apparel and miscellaneous sports accessories.  \n\nThe sales aren't that great.  I saw a pair of Jordan CMFT's in the white/gray/black colorway selling for $80.  I bought the same pair at a Nike Outlet in New Jersey in July for $50.  What's up with that?\n\nI can't call it...
I came in to pick up a new laptop charger and get the upgrade to Lion OSX.\n\nGetting the charger was easy enough, but because I'm on Leopard and not Snow Leopard, I have to buy *two* OS upgrades to get to Lion. Ok, that's fine and all, but the stores don't carry the upgrade from Leopard to Snow Leopard. Excuse me?\n\nMy only options were to find a Best Buy that may or may not have the Leopard to Snow Leopard upgrade disc in stock, or order it online and wait several days for it to arrive. They can't keep a few discs in stock at the Apple store? Absurd.\n\nOther than that total stupidity, the location was fine, store was clean (albeit busy at an odd time), and employee that checked me out was nice enough.
I'm definitely an Apple fan! Thats all I have. In order for Apple to get 5 Stars it would take them offering better prices for their products & services. I understand everyone's gotta make money but dang they charge a lot sometimes. Can't review the tech support at this location but the store is always clean & the staff is knowledgeable about the products. Its a great place to bring your children when they are riding your nerves. They will infiltrate the store & keep themselves plenty occupied playing so you can catch your sanity. lol Almost as good as IKEA, now if we can just check them in here for a bit and go hide, hahahaha!
Not a worker in sight.  Had to ask for help twice before somebody finally came after 15 minutes.  Girl at checkout asked if i found everything ok.  I said no that Lowes only had one of three items i needed.  She only responded with a blank stare.  Poorly stocked also.  For example, 66 quart storage bins had no lids stocked.
A fun stop on a long road.
I usually love places with a 50's diner atmosphere and walking into this place, it was no exception - it's cute. The jukebox, booths, decor, etc, etc make this a fun-looking place. The food (I had a burger) was okay, but nothing special. On another occasion, I went in with the sole purpose of getting a chocolate malt to go for my boyfriend and it was over $6 for just a malt. That was the point when I realized I would never be back to 5 & Diner. I think that's outrageous and hell, they're almost robbing you.
Horrible and liars.  I asked them to not run my credit and wouldn't sign a info sheet. A few days later I checked my credit and their was a hard inquiry from them. We will spread the word about their dishonest practices and of course never buy from them.
I have been going to Dr. Patel since my first child was born over 10 yrs. ago.  Since then, he has taken on the rest of our family including me and my husband.  He always gets you in whenever you need it and his staff is nice.  I like that he himself treats his patients and he doesn't have nurses and PA's doing his work for him.
Horrible wait time. Waited almost an hr to get help. Just to make a payment! workers are super slow. Sprint service sucks and obviously the stores/workers also, exactly why we went to tmobile instead!
We only went to this place once and I wasn't very impressed.  We had to wait outside in the hot sun for a table since the restaurant is so small.  The food was nothing exciting and it is not a comfy atmosphere at all.  The only good thing is that the prices are low and I am sure it would be fast service on a weekday since you order at the counter.
I love this place! The staff is amazing and always makes you feel at home. I'm obsessed with their breakfast burritos. And the biscuits and gravy? Amazing!
Clare, the sales person, was excellent. She wasn't pushy and helped us get an excellent deal on a really, really nice mattress. The delivery guys a couple days later were polite, prompt and super helpful. They forgot something when the delivered the bed in the morning and came back at 9:30PM on their own to bring it to us. Really impressed with the level of service and would recommend to anyone.
I really was disappointed by the customer service at this store. It seems like the employees really couldn't care less about customers and the company doesn't enforce any sort of respect. It's also messy and cramped! I also tried calling in to ask about an item. I got hung up on twice and every person who answered the phone was rude. Do yourself a favor and make the drive to the Gilbert store.
So I used to eat at this location\n\nAnd I loved it\n\nBut slowly\nEach time I ate here\n\nI'd get a tummy ache\n\nThen my boyfriend was all like \"hey, everytime I eat chipotle I get diarrhea\"\n\nSo it wasn't just me!\n\nWe continued to eat here though, because we loved it.\nAnd we'd make sure we had no where to be for a few hours after eating it.\n\nI know, we're weird.\n\nBut we got sick of getting sick.  Poo.  Literally.
After watching the show about the next great restaurant or whatever it was called I really have a bad taste in my mouth for the dude that started this company but damnit if he doesn't offer a darn good product.\n\nI really only like the carnitas here.  Steak seems to be hit and miss and I've never been a chicken fan.  \n\nGreen salsa is the best.  Pinto beans all the way.  Rice with a hint of lemon and cilantro is so darn good.  \n\nTry their quesadillas - so yummy.\n\nThis location has the friendliest people.
I love the food, but I've had it with online ordering; which is why I'm not giving them 4 or 5 stars. DO NOT ORDER ONLINE!!!\n\nThis is the 5th time they screw up mine and my friends' order. My friend Pre ordered his Steak Bowl from Chipotle this location on 54th street. Which always has a line out the door. \n\nOrder:\nWhite Rice, Steak, Blk Beans, Pinto Beans, Veggies, Medium Salsa and Cheese (simple)\n\nWhat he got:\nBrown rice, Blk Beans, Medium Salsa.\n\nAs it was a to-go, we did not notice this until after we got back to the office.
Great selection, as one would exxpect from a Bath and Body Works.\n\nBut even better than that, great people.  They are always so helpful.  I will always come to this location.
This night at Red Lobster was the worst. We came here on a Saturday night. We had to wait but, not a problem at all. You expect that on a busy night. The place is under construction and that is not good to keep it open while that is going on. It actually smelled like chemicals and building materials. The worst part about this night was our waiter Bob. He had no interest in doing a good job that night or in making any money apparently. We had the worst possible service that you could imagine. Old and cold coffee, wrong drinks and ,he even put the wrong number on our order. So that when someone else brought out our food they could not find us.  The cheese biscuts are not what they used to be, All fake ingredients in my book. Not happy at all with our experiance here, I absolutly will say we will never be back.
After 2 years of listening to my bf tell me he was going to take me here I took matters into my own hands and figured out this is the place he was talking about. We came in around 2 and ordered my bfs favorite papaya salad, Tom Yum soup, sweet and sour fish and 2 Thai teas. \n\nMeh. It wasn't bad, but I've had better. Our bill was $40, a little pricey, especially since the first two were only appetizers.
Came here for lunch on a Saturday, and it wasn't too busy, unlike their weekday lunch rushes. We ordered the pad thai, pad see ew, and green curry lunch specials. The lunch specials are a really good deal, at only $8 for a large portion, salad, and egg roll! (The salad and egg roll weren't that impressive though)\n\nI really liked the flavor of the pad thai (and that it came with peanuts!), but was disappointed because the pad see ew was really over-sauced. The green curry was good, but nothing special. So I would recommend the pad thai. The staff was also very friendly, and there's a 10% discount if you pay in cash!
Swaddee is awesome. I love the Chicken Noodles and the Thai Iced Tea. This place can get a little hectic during lunch so go early if you can. When you order they ask you how spicy you want your food, 1-5. I always get a 3, but the spice can be anywhere from a 2-4 which works for me.
Not bad.  We walked in about 9:30 on Saturday, and had the Ribs, Calamari, Side Salad, and the pepperoni pizza.  Everything was good.  The mashed potatos that came with the ribs, were the best things i ate,  really well seasoned.  The pizza was a good quality pie as well.  I guess my only wish was that they had a jug wine option like Macaroni grill.  If I'm going to pay $15 - $18 for chain resturant food, at least have a $4 glass of terrible wine for me to wash it down with.  Other than that, I thought it was PFG.  Not good enough to make it on my list yet, but maybe another visit, and I'll have become a fan.
They take reservations so you can come in at your scheduled time to hand you a hostess wait wand.  Waiting area smells of dirty people and a spilled dip bottle.  Bar smells like old spilled drinks.  They only received 2 stars because of house made pasta, but I'm felling a bit nervous to eat here because of the smell.
With a rich atmosphere, pleasant wait staff, and food to die for, this restaurant is truly something special\n\nMy wife and I ordered the Strawberry Lemonade, Stuffed Mushrooms, Chicken Bellagio, and Mahi Mahi Mediterranean. \n\nEvery morsel of what we ate was divine.\n\nI highly recommend the mushrooms, and trying the Bellagio put my mouth in food Heaven.\n\nTiana C was extremely pleasant waiting on us, and other than maybe prices being a \"smidge\" high, and I do mean just a smidge, there's nothing I would change about Cheesecake Factory
I like the Cheesecake Factory menu, but the portions, calories, and sodium and fat counts are really too much. I like their happy hour, however.
For reasons I don't fully understand I tried to eat here tonight.  As usual getting a seat was a chore...whether the place is crowded or not (not in this case).\n\nAnyhow I sit down, menus arrive and then some moron walks up to talk with the folks in the table behind me and he's smoking a e-pipe!!!!   Really!!!!????  WTF!!!!!\n\nCheesecake Factory I'm putting this one on you for allowing it to happen. \n\nI'm done with you.\n\nIf zero was a choice I'd go with that.
We were waiting 15 min for someone serve us, and then 10 min for ordering food, the coming 20 min for food cooking and came out no napkin no silverware but a rush guy threw the dish on the table then left.  That's my first experience eat at CHEESECAKE FACTORY, but also last time too at least the last time!  Btw, the food is under cook!  Good luck!  Guys.
Just went there on a Saturday afternoon.  Went to check out in front (by the exit) and there was no one there; no one around.  So we went to the checkout near the mall entrance.  No one there; no one around.  I love B&N, but this one apparently has lousy management.
Not my favorite place. I went today to get added RAM for my MAC computer. I was unable to purchase this at the apple store due the fact that apple only carries current stuff in their store bc space is limited. The guy that was helping at Best Buy, not friendly, not knowledgable, unable to answer questions I had. Needless to say, I did not purchase from Best Buy. Off to Frys electronics I go.
Seriously, their happy hour prices can't be beat.  A beer, a spicy tuna roll, calamari and avocado egg roll for under $20 including tip.  Service was attentive and friendly.  We had to lurk around the bar area for awhile to get a table, but that only speaks to how popular this place is.  If you are looking for an inexpensive dinner out that doesn't involve Denny's or Olive Garden this is a great choice.
I've been 2 times here and both had a good ending. I enjoy what I order, which is mainly sushi and some of their pasta dishes. Good service and nice environment.
Terrible service,rude staff, rude manager...will never,ever give kona grill my business. Waited over an hour for a table at happy hour, informed all staff we were waiting for table. Watched multiple times as other people stole tables that opened up. Staff and manager did not care and were rude.
The Great Indoors is owned by Sears and has a lot of their same policies.  They have a wide selection of appliances, home decor, paint, blinds, electronics...  Prices are about what you would find at Sears.\n\nSince Sears has a matching policy, we did have them try to price match our appliances when we were building our home and they did put limitations on it so make sure you get the details first before counting on it.\n\nTheir credit card is like most others.  For every $2500 that you spend you get a $20 gift card redeemable at their store.  I have done really well finding deals there.  You have to catch things on sale though.  They have a semi-clearance sale twice a year.
Love the clothes,hate the staff! I'm sorry but something goes wrong every single time I come here. Today, brought 5 items to the counter, came home with 4. And that was from the kiddy mgr who had to take over because the rest had never seen a check before. After his 10 minutes of flubbing and absolutely ignoring anything I asked him he finally rang it up. Grrrr I hate having to go back.
Great service.. Friendly staff!!!!
It's nice to have kids build a bear. Unique and kids seem to love it . Expensive! We are going to do it one more time for our kid , that's it!
While they have delicious food, seating is very limited and they are MUCH too slow in cleaning the tables. Too many customers standing around looking for a place to sit and eat.
I've eaten here many times with my family and the food and service has always been great. It's not receiving my restaurant coveted fifth star because I find the food selection to be on the small side. Also, the desert menu has only two deserts on it and if your not a fan of traditional Mexican desserts your out of luck. I usually order 'The Laredo' which is an enchilada dish with beans and rice it's delicious and while it is a sizable portion it's not overwhelming. The atmosphere here is lovely you aren't talking over anyone and the booths are a bit taller so you have some privacy which is a big plus for me. I hate constantly locking eyes with the person in the next booth when I'm having a conversation or chowing down! Give this place a try, I'm pretty confident you won't be disappointed.
Great place for mexican food if your white and never had homemade. Just like Seranos or any other chain, plus its more expensive.
Love their chips and salsa's, sangria swirl margaritas are delicious too! Great happy hour and service!
Everyone was very pleasant today.  I love shopping here they really take care of you.  I broke my bottle of of Chanel Coco Mademoiselle and they actually replaced it for me.  Amazing!  I started a page on facebook about it https://www.facebook.com/BestChanelPerfume \"Like\" us!
This review is for the MAC makeup area in Nordstroms. Everyone needs to go see the lovely Whitney at MAC. She is a fabulous and friendly young lady who makes shoppinh for the right color so easy. She matched my skin color and tried out several different colors to find the right one. She was getting ready to leave for the night but still spent a ton of time with me showing me everything I asked for. I will be back here just for Whitney and for all my mac makeup :) Thanks Whitney!!
My girlfriend got a dress from said location, and while wearing it I noticed that ALL of the strap thingies are twisted 180 degrees. I am not sure if it is a manufacturer error or the designer was on crack or cocaine, or both but I'd sure like to figure it out. Although she looks pretty darn good in the dress, the straps really grind my gears!
I bought a suitcase here during the holidays in 2011 and also purchased the warranty. The suitcase broke so I went to sears again to exchange it like the sales person said I could. It turns out they lied and don't do exchanges. After calling the 800 number they will give you a gift card of the purchase price. Which means I can't get a new suitcase since the price now is much higher. Goodbye, I'm going to Macy's.
This location is pretty bad.  Be warned if you go in at an off hour they will just let you stand there and never take your order.  I have been here twice and seen none behind the counter at all.  Not sure where they go. They tend to always put way too many raw onions in the burritos.  If you have to eat here tell them to hold the onions.\n\nMaybe the other locations are better.
Food is delicious, but agree with other reviewers. You don't get much for what you pay. Way too pricey!
I have been to this location a few times, but the last time I came here was a few nights ago. I just wanted soup because it was cold out and we were at Chandler Mall, so OG seemed like the appropriate choice. We got there and it wasn't too busy and were seated. Our waitress came by and asked us to sample some wine and when we declined she took on this huge attitude and said 'so what DO you want to drink?' with almost disdain in her voice. Whoa lady, sorry for not wanting your cheap wine sold for expensive prices... this was kind of the theme of the night. The waitress seemed to be in a very bad mood. The food was the standard mediocre fair that comes from all OGs. The salad had a giant uncut piece of lettuce in it, the soup was fine, the BF got an alfredo pizza that was dry, but fine. So this place gets a big meh.
I usually come out here after the lunch hour rush. You would think its slow enough that you can be seated immediately. Not. 3 stars is all i can give.
Terrible customer service!  I waited for over an hour without so much as a greeting. I would have left sooner, but I was due fir my 6 month check up on my wedding ring. On of the associated attended some else who wasn't waiting as long because they were standing closer. Not that anyone was keeping track of who was there. When I was finally attended the lady checked the ring in front of me, shook it near her ear,  said nothing is loose and set it down. Did not even bother to offer to clean it and didn't seem like she was going to document it. I had to ask for the cleaning. I was interested at looking at some earrings, but I was so appalled by the lack of customer service..they lost a sale.
Drove by, they are closed :(
This is a pretty cool store to shop in! They have a ton of interesting, high end kitchen appliances available. It seems like everything is chrome, very high end, and awesome looking. Plus, they will give you a coffee while you're shopping when they are demonstrating their high end coffee maker. It's a fun experience for sure.
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):\n8 Food\n8 Service\n8 Atmosphere\n7 Value
Made reservation because had other engagements. Showed up and waited twenty minutes. They said sorry people who have your table haven't left yet. As if they only have one table. When we informed them of our time constraints. They made no offer to help out. Like the food but not so good at keeping the reservation. And really that's the most important part
Best service I've ever gotten at a PF Changs. I love when a waitress actually takes the time to talk to us about something besides what we want to drink and eat. Ours did just that and made us laugh. The food was the same as always, but her animation regarding our mutual guilty pleasure, Project Runway, made the lunch memorable. Cheers to that.
Wonderful service.  Wonderful food.  Pf Chang never disappoints.   One of the best Hot n Sour soups ever.  Lettuce wraps are great.  All entres were excellent.  A great experience.  Thanks Stefanie for the nice service.
I really think this has the best ramen I have ever had. Service is surprisingly great, considering how packed it is every time I am here. Whenever someone come in town, I always suggest this place
Where do I start? Well first of all the website says 2 dollar PBR's. That's a no go. 2 dollar bowling, cool, whatever. Not that I can't afford my beers it's cool I don't mind paying. But obviously you're not too concerned about your online presence. Then as we're sitting the \"manager\" comes over and tells us that she's closing early. Must be nice to be able to leave work when you feel like it. Maybe make a disclaimer on your site.. Oh wait... Maybe you're closing early because there's only 3 lanes playing? Maybe you're closing early because you scare people away by saying your closing? Probably the latter. Well anyways thanks for scaring us away!! We won't be back.
The place is pretty comfortable and the prices aren't that bad. It's more a 3.5\n\nI had the bone in rib steak and I ordered it medium. as most of the times in almost every place I go, they overcooked it :(\n\nThe house pinoit noir was decent and in general the food was pretty good for the money.\n\nThe service was friendly but no refills on the water and the waitress never came back to ask if I would like another glass of wine. I would if she asked, but that never happened.\n\nAll in all, a good place to go, not super expensive and ok service.
I have been going to The Keg Steak House now ever since they first opened. I have enjoyed everything from the ambiance  to the wonderful food and the servers are great. I highly recommend this restaurant. Alot of quality for the price.
As a regular at The Keg next to Chandler Mall, it pains me to say that my last two visits were less than stellar. When setting up nearby tables, the busboy sent the utensils crashing across the tabletops. Twice in a row, there were families who could not control their children: screaming, doing somersaults in the aisles, etc. And then to order the recommended fish that turned out to be too dry to swallow...I am really disappointed! Where is the management presence?
The Keg is a franchise and is my FAVORITE restaurant! This location in particular is slightly sub par in my book. On multiple occasions I've had to send food back because it just didn't taste right. On a good note I hosted my birthday dinner here and had a fairly large party. Our two servers were very accommodating and were able to keep up with our cocktail orders. Very fun place.
Slow service and cold nachos. I did like the seasonal Red Beer but the food and service were disappointing. My family has been conning here for years and while the food was never amazing, it was consistent and what I expected. This time food and service was both poor. We waited for ever the check and finally had to grab someone after ten minutes of not seeing our server again. Next time I'll just have the beer.
First, it's a really nice bar.  The bartenders and staff are just great!  If you love beer, get the sampler and try them out, but the red ale is the best in my opinion!.\n\nHaving very fond memories of the amazing tuna poke at Lulu's in Lahaina on Maui, BJ's was in for some steep competition.  They succeeded in a wonderful take on the dish.  The avocado egg rolls made my belly happy as well, and were NOT at all greasy.\n\nVery very good.\n\nLots of TVs to watch various sporting events.  Lots of fun!
You have to understand that this is not the only Farmers agency that screws the common folk.  For a wind damage roof claim, they send out Mr. Zero six days after the storm to AZ from TX, and the guy comes up with some lame reasons for a complete denial of a $25,000 claim.  Think long and hard before you ever associate with Farmers in AZ.  I guess they do not think dust, 70 miles/hour wind and torrential rains can do any damage to your roof.  Stay away from them and you will not be sorry.
Great happy hour.  We come here on our Tuesday veggies-and-booze night when we pick up our CSA.  I think their happy hour is five items for $6 each until 7:00.  There are also some cocktails and wine.  One of those five items is their burger which you can order rare plus, it comes out perfect this way.  Nice and creamy (instead of dry and chewy), full of flavor and juicy with nice thick pieces of bacon on it.  This might be our new favorite.
I recently dined here and did not have a good experience. I dine at steakhouses frequently, Hillstone group, capital grille etc. and this place has never been comparable. My filet had no sear, my boyfriends dad's fish was over cooked, the creamed spinach was like soup, burrata was a joke and the saut\u00e9ed spinach was over salted. There pour on glasses of wine are quite small too, no different ounce options. For the prices, go to Capital Grille! Pretty disappointing, especially the waiter with the southern accent giving us attitude for complaining about the soupy creamed spinach and not wanting to order there chocolate lava cake, lol. Chandler is pretty disappointing with there options of restaurants. Not worth the drive.
So- I always come here for happy hour.\nI actually haven't had regular dinner at this location- ever.\n\nThe happy hour menu is pretty cool- it's limited, but the stuff is tasty.\n\nI have, however, had a problem with slow service here.  Frustratingly slow actually- which isn't expected for this type of restaurant.
Superb service! The food wasn't too bad either...\n\nWe ordered the spicy chili calamari. A little sweet, a little spicy...but just perfect!\n\nFollowed that up with the Main steak and a side of Fleming's potatoes (extra cheesy with jalape\u00f1os) and the specialty Parmesan crusted halibut topped with lump crab in a lemon/butter/cream sauce over saut\u00e9ed spinach....DELISH!\n\nBecause it was my fianc\u00e9's bday we ordered the lava cake. Takes 20 min to make but soooo worth the wait! Request to have Alan as your server - he's on point!
Pork egg rolls have about as much pork as the vegetable spring rolls...not much.  Nothing like the advertisement.
What to say. Our waitress was so incredibly rude.  If my food wasn't good then I would give have given it one star. This was my first and last time going there. There is another bar/grill a few doors down that is so much better and less expensive. The only good thing about this place is that there are vegetarian items on the menu.
This place taught me all my basics as a competive swimmer when I was 10 years old although it's difficult to advance they only move up the kids that they like and can be a little biased, but what annoys me is that there is no challenge in the lesson it's way to easy and if competive swimming is really what you like then you need someone to really push you and make you uncomfortable so that you can become a better swimmer although lifetime swim really offered that to me!
Food was ok the burritos come with just meat nothing else. So if you order the chicken burrito you are going to get a tortilla filled with shredded chicken. Their floutas were good I would go back for them especially with their salsa.
The green tamales are delicious! LOVE THEM.
While this place is better than most generic, greasy Mexican places that are popular in Phoenix (go figure), the only really great thing here is their carne asada tacos. The horchata is too sweet and kind of bland. Service is okay- they forgot my order but promptly made it when I brought it up to them. The salsa is BAD. It tastes like the pizza sauce that comes in Lunchables.
This is some of the best Mexican food we have ever had.  Its kind of a dive, but at least 12 people came to pick up take out while we ate our food.  It was our first time there, so she offered us samples of some of their top sellers - green chili, red chili, shredded chicken and machata beef.  We had some of each of them and a chicken crisp (quesadilla).  It all tasted homemade. It is all served in foil plates, but who cares when it tastes so good!
Been here a couple times for the XDC event and I've only ever really seen one track. BUT!!! When I do go, next to the track is a huge lake where people drive their different water vehicles and can do jumps I think if they want to go water skiing. I do get burnt when it's hot but when track doesn't get you burnt?
Played it for a tournament and the enviroment was great! Played the Cat Tail course and had a blast. Conditions were great and staff was accomodating and nice. Received a \"free play \" voucher for the casino and ended up with 40 dollars more so all in all it was great day! Will return soon to play devils claw!
Loved the system they used for the midnight showing of Dark Knight, and I would not be surprised if all theaters start using this method.  They were showing the movie on 8 screens, and had about 3 auditoriums open by 9pm, so people could just walk right in any of them and pick their seat.  No waiting in line!   My main complaint would be the temperature.  I am used to theaters usually being a little on the chilly side, but this one was way warm.  It was also disappointing that there was no pre-show entertainment\\ads whatsoever.  It was a black screen up until the previews started.  I imagine this had something to do with the fact that they were busy with showing one movie on 8 screens, but I was quite bored with the black screen and wanted them to show some cool stuff to keep me entertained like Cinemark Theaters does.  Overall the experience was fine but nothing special.
I've been here a few times now and I must say that I get the best and quickest service in town during a busy lunch hour. They have lunch sized portions at a good price. The wait is less than 10 minutes during lunch. We had a taco salad and a enchilada style burrito. Cost was less than $15.00 for the meal with water as drink of choice. Thursdays after 2pm until 4ish they have a 1/2 price special on some of their menu items. My only negative is that the place could feel a little cleaner.
I've been there several times trying various menu items and all have been good. The Chicken Fried Rice (I always start with this on my 1st time in) was flavorful and had lots of chicken and vegetables. I have moved on to Pepper Steak and Mongolian Beef and a few others and they have all been quite tasty.
Last time I was here I ordered the sesame chicken and scallop beef. I enjoyed the sesame chicken and the only thing that I didn't like about the scallops and beef where the scallops where just plain. Make sure if you pay with your ATM card they don't use it as credit like they did with me when I asked for debit so I wouldn't get charged credit card fees.
As far as coffee shops go, this one ranks as \"OK\"... The beverages and snacks are good, but the staff could use a few lessons in charm, or at least what it means to work in the hospitality business. Product, pricing, location, selection and cleanliness all rank 4 or 5 stars, but the blank looks and extremely bored attitude of the people working here drag the businesses overall score down.
I've found my new hair stylist in Julie!  My husband surprised me with a spa package for Mother's Day.  What a treat!  Julie did my hair, manicure and pedicure; Kayla gave me a wonderful massage and Dana gave me a real treat with a facial.  It was the first time I had a facial and I definitely want to treat myself again.  The spa is clean and everyone is friendly.  Saturdays are busy in the nail area, so come early.
Fantastic place for sushi in the east valley! Been going there for a few years now and have always had a great experience! My wife lived in Japan for 4 years and says it reminds her of the little sushi restaurants in Japan. The waitresses are always extremely nice...great place. Quality of fish is great! Rolls are fat and they always seem to have special rolls to challenge your taste buds. Highly recommended!
Yum! Temari does sushi right! They have other items on their menu, but I've only had their sushi. The flavors in each roll are so unique, we ordered 3 rolls: spicy tuna, lollipop roll and their version of a volcano roll. \n\nWe have never tasted anything as good as these rolls. Very fresh fish, amazing taste, and the service was very nice too.\n\nThe place is pretty small, so expect a tight squeeze, but definitely worth while.
The food is good but I do not understand how no one has addressed how slow and disorganized they are here. Still sitting here an hour later and we haven't gotten all of our food. Staggering is one thing but the first two came out after about 20 minutes, the third after 40 minutes and still no sight of the fourth. We've asked to close out and cancel the forth and there wasn't even an acknowledgement or apology for the wait. No prices for most of the rolls on the menu either and they don't itemize the bill. The table next to us was overcharged. Hopefully this is a bad night for this small business because the experience has not been a good one and I'd hate to see them go out of business because they're not adequately staffed.
I took my cat in because he was obviously sick from something and they have a free exam for new clients. The veterinarian performed the exam and then explained to me that she thought it may be possible that he had swallowed a string, which was blocking his intestines. After attempting multiple times to convince me to pay for all the x-rays and possibly surgery, I ended up only purchasing the fluid shots because he hadn't been eating. \n   Before leaving, she tried to scare me into it one more time by saying that if he did not improve, that I should consider euthanasia. This offended me EXTREMELY considering that she had no idea what exactly was wrong, and that all she wanted was for me to hear that and decide to spend more money. I will never, no matter what, return to Val Vista Animal Hospital based solely on this experience.\n   Also, my cat is now perfectly healthy and needed no medical attention whatsoever.
I will not recommend this vet. It is here to take your money. There are worse veterinary clinics than this one such as Arizona Veterinary Specialists. Their prices are lower. However when your vet needs emergency, one of ours did, you expect Your vet to take over when they are open. This is especially true, when the emergency vet (AVS) is charging thousands of dollars just for an IV drip and specialized (Level X) care. This care happens to be a metal fence in a backroom. \n\nThink carefully before you use them. I'd suggest using low cost vet and making sure that you keep animals healthy by regular dental cleaning and shots.
I came to this shop because Discount Tire broke a stud while changing my tire. Discount pays for this repair only through Network. This will be the only reason I ever come back to this shop.\nI have been here in the past for repairs. Customer service is terrible and front desk is very unorganized. The first two repairs I had at this shop were fine. I came back for a air conditioning problem. Network told me that I needed a new air compressor at $1500. I didn't have the money at the time and chose to hold off on the repair. I ended up going to another shop for a second opinion and estimate. The other shop found the compressor was perfectly fine it was a bad seal on the compressor. I paid under a $100 for part and labor, I also was taken into the bay, shown and explained the problem. Network is a joke and embarrassment to the honest automotive shops.
Great pizza and wings !! get delivery from here at least 3 times a month definitely recommend it
Service is a little slow sometimes but very relaxed.  Food is very good and the combo for lunch is very creative and tasty.  My wife and I like a lot of their dishes but I have to go back each time and have their Yellow Curry Chicken.  It's great!\nIf you need a quick/fast food place then go to the burger joint.  I do recommend this place for their food.
If you think Filiberto's is good food, then you will like this place.\nFish tacos were dry and as tasteless as the lukewarm beans and that fluffy rice thing.  I love Gilbert and want to support the mom and pop's but this is not good.\nHow has this place been around so long is beyond me.  I've driven by it for years and figured it must be great so finally gave it a try.  Bummer.
First time here. In and out within 30 minutes. I usually HATE going to my oil changed because they try to get you to buy everything- esp when they see a young girl and let's face it I don't know anything about cars- the man was very nice and even took my word - no means no. Painless. Thanks!
Very disappointing. Originally came to restaurant on a recommendation and was impressed, but after 5 years away i did not like the changes. The place has turned into a dive bar, and the servers are truly crabby. It is impossible to tell who is a guest and who is a server. The food is mediocre, service and atmosphere terrible. I will stay away from this restaurant and would advise others to do the same.
Sat for 20 minutes and never got served. Crabby Don's should be Crappy Don's. Left for Mexican restaurant across the street.
HORRIBLE customer service!! After 10 years of my 5 children seeing them and hoping each time they might be more friendly or accommodating, but continuing because we live so close. We are done with you Mesa Pediatrics! We are paying customers with great insurance, you could care less. We are taking our money elsewhere!
A Jamba Juice is a Jamba Juice is a Jamba Juice. If you have ever been to one before, you know what you are getting yourself into. Lots of fresh fruits and some baked goods. Jamba is one of my favorite places to grab a quick breakfast on the go. Try their oatmeal. It's great.\n\nThe special thing I have to add about this location is the great customer service. I really wanted to try the new Apples 'n Green, but I am allergic to mangoes. (Evil, evil mangoes) When the Jamba Juice guy saw my disappointed face, he told me it was no problem to hold the mangoes. Now that I know this, I can try all the smoothies I want! Thanks, Jamba Juice employees.
An improvement over my last mexican meal here in Arizona, but just pretty average.  The chicken burrito was ALL chicken inside, not spiced or seasoned, just cooked chicken.  A bit dry as well.  The green chile sauce over the top was outstanding and the moist tortilla made up for the insides sort of sucking wind.  Tacos were a weird deep fried flour tortilla.  Not so good.  The tostada shell was soggy.\n\nGood service and nice decor, but just OK food.
Awesome food
Yum! Wasn't expecting this to be as good or as nice atmosphere wise. With a name like nando's was comparing it to filly bees, much better! Homemade chips and salsa. As a vegetarian I seriously appreciate the ability to order tacos, burrito, or chimichangas with veggies or potatoes! Plus you can't beat pitchers of Dos Equis! I took off a star because their guacamole tastes like it comes from a package. This place gets enough business to use real guacamole. Worth a taste if you're in the area!
If you like a good \"hole in the wall,\" and really excellent high quality food, you will love the China Pearl. The food there is very well made and they use very high quality ingredients. If you go, be sure to ask for the salt and pepper shrimp (not on the menu) and be ready for a real treat.
Dr. Driggers is amazing. I have two Uromastyx who he has examined and I wouldn't trust their care to anyone else. No complaints.
Excellent food at an affordable price.  If Mexican fast food is your scene, there are few rivals to Filiberto's.  In my former life as a fast food aficionado, I found myself daily at the drive-thru window of Fliberto's ordering breakfast burritos.  All varieties excellent!  Huge burritos overflowing with yummity goodness.  Nothing hits the spot like breakfast at Filiberto's.  Now that I have reformed my ways of eating to embrace a healthier lifestyle, I still find that there are yummity healthy options like the pollo asado burrito minus the tortilla.  The salsa verde is excellent.  You can switch your flour tortillas for corn tortillas and ask for grilled options.  I have shopped around and still think Filiberto's is one of a kind.  Eat well. Be well.
Been going here quite a few times lately. Enjoyed every visit overall. The Maiden Lane?(turkey sandwich), Arizona Sky and Minestrone were all delicious. The sloppy joe could have been better. Too much bun and not enough slop.\n\nThe creamy potato salad was weak. Very bland and flavorless.On the other hand the roasted sweet potato salad was quite the opposite. Could not get enough of it. Was really disappointed the last time I went and they were sold out.\n\nStaff has been nothing but great each visit.
Wow, what a cool place! I went for the first time last night and had the farmer sandwich, it was fabulous. Service was great. Love the atmosphere and vibe here. The patio is especially nice when the weather is right. The menu is just salads, sandwiches and pizzas but if that's what you're looking for, give it a try.  I highly recommend Liberty Market.
This is as good as it gets in Arizona.  We had a great time eating lunch in the really lovely place.  Joe who owns the place chatted us up and was just great.  He made us a great expresso drink and charmed everyone at the table.  It felt like I was in LA or San Francisco.  What a great little place!!! I only get to AZ a few times a year but will make a effort to stop by every time.
I tried the white pizza and picnic sandwich.  The pizza was the best white pizza I've had anywhere, and the sandwich was very fresh.  I look forward to trying breakfast here.
Went on a Saturday morning for brunch, we waited a bit to order and get our food, but it was so organized and the system they use for ordering (while you're in line, someone assigns you a table, after you order they escort you to your table and then bring you your food when it's ready) and food delivery is so smooth you don't sweat it. I ordered their specialty pizza slice (GREAT!) and my husband had an egg/breakfast meal, I tasted and it was delicious. Can't wait to come back.
Grew up in Phoenix but spent the last 10 years in LA where my food expectations have skyrocketed. I thought this place would still offer viable competition but the food was just okay. I think it's perfect for the audience so it's smart business making but nothing really exciting or original is going on here. They've stuck  to the basics and do well so can't fault them for that. \n\nDesserts are strong. The Salted River bar and the fruit tart were delicious.
The place gets pretty crowded. The people working there were friendly. I tried one of their favorites - Picnic with sweet potato salad. The sandwich was very good. The salad on the other hand was simply too salty to go with the sandwich.
Great food, always fresh and innovative items on the menu. The staff is very friendly and attentive to what's going on. I also like that much of their produce comes from local sources.
Wow, what a nice surprise! My wife had the flatiron steak, and I had the special \"three amigos\" burger with chorizo, cheddar, and jalape\u00f1o. Everything was cooked to perfection and DELICIOUS. Don't miss it if you are in the area!
Kristen and the rest of the Liberty Market staff were so friendly! All the food looks unreal, atmosphere is fantastic, even down to the bathrooms. Definitely stop by if you're in the area.
Unbelievably uninspiring breakfast. Chilaquiles was cold so I got the biscuits and gravy. Dry biscuits and gravy under seasoned and lacking flavor. I have never posted a review on yelp but this meal was so bad I felt I had to. Nothing original on the breakfast menu..will not return.
First time at Liberty and the last, it was expensive 29.00 for two people for a stack of pancakes with ice cold syrup and a side of 2 pieces of cold sausage, 2 scrambled ice cold dry eggs 1 saus. link and a dry biscuit, no butter/honey 1cup of regular coffee that they didn't bring the cup till after I got my breakfast and 1 apple juice. I think $29.00 is expensive for that plus it was all cold. When I told the waiter he responded with \"Oh my bad\" what the heck is that suppose to mean. Never again.....
Hands down can not get enough! Atmosphere, food, employees, and location! one word BOMB!!!
Get fuel here! Yay!
DON'T USE THIS STATION!!!!! THEY PUT $126.00 CHARGE ON YOUR CREDIT CARD!!!!!!  I just got off the phone with them, as I thought someone had stolen my card when I saw my charge for $18.31 (I topped off my tank and bought a $7 car wash) and then another one for $126.00.  That's ridiculous!!!!!!!  This was NOT a debit card (I do understand putting a hold on those to make sure you don't spend the money before their charge goes through) but there is NO warning sign or anything.  I will NEVER go there again....my car won't even hold more than $50 worth of gas, and you'll have the actual charge as WELL as the $126 charge on there until they decide to take it off.  NEVER, NEVER AGAIN!!!!!  Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice shame on me!
A good place for kids. There is a play area. The pizza was not very bland/generic. If you want good pizza this is not the place.
Zero knowledge about insurance billing and general office procedures. Office manager argues and has a bad attitude. I would not recommend this place, nor will I ever schedule another appointment. Go to Lenscrafters if you have Tricare/United Healthcare.
I've frequented this location a couple times & I've never had an issue with them, service or food wise. I just enjoyed a peanut buster parfait & it was just like the picture, how many restaurants can say that!, lol  when I'm in the mood for DQ & I'm in the area I'll stop in here for a bite
A very tasty place for breakfast.  I strenuously object to any place that doesn't serve hash browns, but really that's my only complaint.  They have a ton of different omelets/scrambles (you choose) and you can make your own.  Example: spinach tomato sausage bacon with american cheese.  As a scramble.  With salsa.  The coffee is good (I hear from my wife) and the cinnamon roll is a real treat.  Not the best cinnamon roll ever in a million years but a good 8.5/10.  \n\nIt is true that there can be a very long wait so plan ahead for sure.  You'll be waiting outside.  \n\nThey grill their wheat toast-solid.
Overall I just wasn't super impressed with this place.  I heard good things about it, so I decided to brave the very long wait...which is always present and eat breakfast here.  The food was decent, don't get me wrong, but there was nothing that truly stood out to me and it's quite crowded.   Sorry, but I would rather go to the Gilbert House down the street any day.
This restaurant has a sign up sheet outside the front door. It is very easy to keep tabs of our placement on the list. There were several names ahead of us when we signed in. Our family of 5 looked forward to breakfast. After waiting 45 minutes one couple was ahead of us.When the bus boy seated that couple, he also seated a couple who had just arrived, placing them at a large table for 5 or 6 people. It turns out one of the members of the couple was his brother. We complained to the manager about preferential seating of the second couple ahead of us. She would not acknowledge the problem or offer an apology. Instead she made excuses pointing to a previous customer name to cover up their mistake. Either she is clueless or a liar. We left and went to Biscuits and had a great meal. \n\nIf i could give this restaurant zero stars, I would have. The rudeness was an insult!
Eggs where runny. Yolks where raw. Asked for a diet soda as I am diabetic and can't have juice. The waitress never brought my cold drink and thus I had to attempt to wash my hot food down with my hot coffee. I choked profusely. The waitress did her best to avoid our table with having had only 3 visits to our table. Once for drinks then taking our order and last to give us the check. No tip no return for us. Is customer srvc. Dead???
Good cleaning, but way overpriced! I tried to negotiate a deal with the owner for regular dry cleaning (I clean about 40 pieces/month) and was shot down. Her excuse: We pay way too much for coupons and advertising. OK... I asked for the coupon price on the 20 pieces I had there and was refuted once again. Goodbye $120/month steady business???
I've eaten here twice.  The 1st time I wanted to give it 5 stars & my wife leaned towards 4 stars.  Very nice ma & pa type place, friendly staff, fairly quick service, excellent selections.  The second time we went back the food was far less desirable, maybe it was the cook, I don't know.  I will probably go back again, I really Want to think the 2nd visit was the fluke and not the 1st visit.
The sandwiches and fries don't get any better!  Homemade bread, beer battered fries...and the nicest servers around. Oh, and HUGE cups with speedy refills IF you ever need them.\n\nThe Gilbert location is small and nothing fancy - but it's always a good time at Flancers!  The Mesa location (newer, bigger - not as good food IMO)\n\nI almost always get the Prickly Pear sandwhich - - they marinate the chicken in some secret sauce and it is just so so good.  My husband almost always gets the Phily cheesesteak which he says is one of the best he's ever had.\n\nSometimes there is a wait and be advised, the waiting area is usually OUTSIDE. But if you must cram with the other patrons in the AC, they will be awesome Gilbert folks so it isn't all that bad:)
My husband and I love Flancer's!  We've tried several sandwiches and salads, as well as a few of the appetizers.  Everything has tasted great!  The service is good, the waitstaff friendly and they have tv's if you don't want to miss the game.  If you are looking for some good food, in a casual, relaxed atmosphere from a local business, then I would highly recommend this place.
My wife and I ordered the goat cheese bruchetta (small size,) a burger, a philly steak and 2 soft drinks. The bill was $37 plus tax. Woah! \nThe other night we went to a bar, ordered 2 burgers, a soft drink, 2 bottles of beer and a large pitcher of beer for a little cheaper. \nThe food was good but nothing memorable. The service and atmosphere was the best part but I will not be back until the prices are lower.
C'mon folks. Anyone going more than 3 stars here is being silly.\n\nThis is about on par with Filibertos except in a much dirtier environment. Dusty non air conditioned dining area with super uncomfortable seating. This is a very LDS style hodge podge of a dining area. Whatever could be found at the Thrift store if I had to guess.\n\nNice people working there though. Don't expect a conversation however if you are from out of town. People in this part of AZ are very very dry.
Love this little Mexican burrito shack! The carnesada is good! I love the beans and rice too!
Best burritos I've ever tasted from NV to AZ! Seriously can't find anywhere comparable
Everyone should eat here if they want to get really bad Food Poisoning and almost die!!!!
My group met here for a motorcycle ride. I'm rating breakfast only. It was decent. I had your basic combo of two eggs over medium hash browns, bacon and wheat toast w/coffee. My eggs were cooked perfectly. My bacon was just right. I don't know what it is about cooking hash browns but they cook one side so you eat the crunchy stuff and leave the rest. The coffee was hot and always full. The service was fast and friendly.\nDon't expect squeaky clean but not hazardous to your health.
Great course! However the locals (old people that could only afford to live on a golf course in BFE) think they run the place. The bartenders are pretty rude, as are the annoying messages they send your cart every hole (ex. Keep up with the group ahead... The same group you are caught up w and waiting on). They definitely over schedule the Tee times. I will say the course staff (rangers, food service) were great.
Decent coarse, greens were a little fast as they were a little under watered.  The place is definitely a little over priced and snooty for it's location........  You are a golf course in San Tan Valley, the attitude and prices would be expected up in Snottsdale, but not in the middle of the freaking desert....
Attempted to check this place out tonight because I heard it was good. I'm on travel for business and my company gave me an American Express card for all my expenses. Well after driving down here and just getting ready to order, I ask to make sure they accept Amex and sure enough they don't. Also they don't accept discover cards either so I left. They didn't seem to care.
Awful service! I used to come her back in 2010 when it was new, the food and staff were awsome! I recently came back and the staff is all new. One word... RUDE. Our waitress seemed pestered when id ask for a refill or when id place another order. Like, um, sorry to bother you at work lady? The food was good, but theres a ton of other sushi places in the east valley with the same grade of food and better service. Its a shame this place shot to shi*, could have been a real gem.
We used to love this place and would come weekly.  My wife is a regular here and has in the past thought very highly of Mikado.\n\nLately the food quality has dropped quite a bit and the service has suffered.  We aren't sure if we will be coming back.
I'm completely baffled on how this got the better review then the  Sushi Room a.k.a. Rock Lobster. We were trying to step out of the box I'm going back in the box. \n\nThe wait staff was very friendly. \n\nThe food was absolutely disgusting. I kind of felt bad because they were nice so we just told them we were full and took it to go. I threw it away in the garbage outside the restaurant and drove to Rock Lobster for takeout. I will not make that mistake again. \n\nThe sushi was so big I couldn't put it in my mouth and it fell apart!  It just tasted terrible plus there was no flavor. I have nothing more to say.
We frequent this location, as it's nearest to our house.  I do agree with other reviews that it's slloooooowwww to check out here.  However, when you do interact with an employee here, all of the employees are very helpful, knowledgeable and friendly.  One employee who has helped us quite a bit is Jim.  He's always super helpful, but he can get a bit disheveled when things get busy in there.  Nonetheless, Jim goes above and beyond to ensure you are doing the right thing for your pool and helps in any way he can.  Overall, a decent place to get your pool chemicals, water tested or buy some new floaties.
Great Family owned place to get all of your BBQ supplies!
Best wings ever (besides Zipps Golden wings...)! We order a bucket of hot to go and can't wait to get them home! Other things we've tried aren't the greatest, except for the fried calamari. Super good and not chewy like most I've had. Their new patio is really nice and looking forward to the cold nights when they have the fireplace going.
The food is excellent and the delivery service is outstanding.  They handle everything with a smile. We've eaten our way through the menu and haven't found anything that wasn't good.
I have been going to Connie for about 10 years and she has always been corteous and her prices are very resonable.  I go to her for watch repairs, band replacement, batteries and I got my ring resized.  I would definitely recommend Connie to my family and friends.
The last 3 times we tried this, after our initial time (which I can only think was a fluke of luck) our delivery arrived over 2 ours after we ordered it and it was cold, all three times! Why get delivery pizza if it would literally take less time to go to the grocery store and come home and make a pizza from scratch! Very disappointed. \n\nTo top that off, the woman who took our order on two occasions got it wrong and that is after being asked to repeat it back to her several times. She was also rude and impatient and seemed distracted. Maybe that is why she didn't hear our order the first 3 times I said it. This place just isn't worth the hassle, the wait, and the rude customer service.
Their pizza isn't always fantastic if you order a lunch special but thats to be expected since it is a lunch special and it's not cooked right when you order it. \nMy last visit there was pretty bad, as I was halfway through eating my meal, I noticed a couple of cockroaches under a table a few seats down from me.  1 cock roach was dead, the other one was hanging out with his dead buddy.  Needless to say, I may have overreacted a bit, but my food just began to taste awful (Yes I know thats just in my head) and I had to throw my food away and leave.  \n\nI'm sure they'll improve next time but I don't feel as though I'll be returning for a little while.
play it.
Played January of 2011($60).This is quite simply the best golf course I have ever played! Water everywhere, I probably left at least a half dozen balls in the lakes and I still had a blast. Homes surround the course, but lakes seperate them and dont really come into play, they actually ad to the beauty of this course. The course was in immaculate condition. I dont play resort golf very often, from the friendly and helpfull cart guys to the bartender, I was very impressed with the service. Troon Golf now has a reputation with me, I will forever compare all courses to this one. Will definately play this course again when I return.
Find a different frys supermarket if possible. This location is really busy.  I have had to complain to management a few times for not having enough registers open,  not enough baggers and not restocking items that are out. Every time it gets better for a couple days but it soon degrades to the same situation.
Very spacious and clean. They have two train that ride around the park. I think I like riding on it even more than my daughter! They also have a carousel, two playgrounds and two snack shops. I rate this the number 1 park in Phoenix!
Took my nieces here a few weeks ago. Great place for kids of all ages. Very inexpensive too so that was a bonus.
This is for the Sunday night concert series. If you like families and dogs and strollers and people running around your blanket and trains blaring their horns and lousy sound systems and parking from hell, the Sunday night concert series should be on your radar. My chunky date and myself found a decent location away from the stage, but still experienced most everything previously mentioned. None of it really bothered us too much, so if you can endure all of that or actually somebody with multiple dogs and kids, then this is your piece of cake. The Scottsdale douchebag factor was not in effect, but you will have to arrive early to get a spot across the street. Now, it might have been more crowded due to holiday weekend, but who knows unless I go again which I doubt.
This is about the fourth visit to Goldmans and although a lot of people rave about it, I don't think it's as good as Chompies.\nI had the pastrami sandwich on this visit, and although it was good, it simply doesn't have the flavor that Chompies has. \nThat being said, it's still a good choice for a big deli sandwich, and a good value when considering the size of the sandwiches.\nTheir breads are very fresh, and portions huge, but still, not as tasty as Chompies....
I like small businesses. \nI like low prices. \nThis place is both - and I still don't like it. \n\nThey carry cheesy, plastic jewelry which has come in handy a few times for theater but other than that most of the jewelry is to be desired. \n\nIt's usually pretty dim in there, and the owner always smells strongly of stale smoke. \nShe posts photos of shoplifters she caught on the wall - whereas I understand what she's trying to do - it makes me feel weird. \n\nAnd to be honest, the owner is... well she's rude. She seems to think she's doing all of us a favor by BEING there - which I suppose is true. Her prices are ROCK BOTTOM for cheap watch batteries, and simple jewelry repair. But at this point in my life, I'd prefer to pay a little more for better (less pungent) service.
As far as a company, Famous Footwear treats me really well.  But this review is specifically for this location. \n\nThe selection available at this store is just terrible.  This might as well be an outlet store. \n\nAfter stopping in several times over the past 10 years, I've never even seen a shoe, sandal or boot I actually wanted to even try on.  \n\nI order most of my shoes online through Famous, but the location at Tempe Marketplace usually has a decent selection.  Head and shoulders above the selection here.
AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE!\n\nFrom the moment I spoke about getting a car wash to the moment I left, I regretted being there. Terrible customer service, I don't mind emotionless service but don't be rude to me, I don't need your service, plenty of other car washes I can take it to. Which I will be because I will never return nor recommend. Whole demeanor changes once they realize you don't want their 'detail' or 'windshield replacement', even the cashier is downright terrible. Luckily, I had a bunch of free coupons for the wash they've been putting in parking lots, cause the quality is about the same as a $5 automated car wash and not worth the hassle.\n\nNEVER AGAIN!
went for restaruant week.\nabsolutely fantastic.\nthe filet mijon was so moist and rich, not overly seasoned.\nthe creme brulee was the perfect way to end my meal. \nthe staff are very professional and friendly. \natmosphere compliements the entire experience.\ni hear they have an amazing happy hour!!!
Went because of their $50 gift coupon.  The two for $99 filet and lobster tail special with sides and dessert was perfect.  Not Caesar salad fans but this one was tasty and the fresh bread was a nice start.  Fresh margaritas were made just right.  Leftover dessert came home with us.\nWill definitely return for their attention to detail.
Amazing happy hour! Spendy but not at happy hour.
I stumbled across this place while looking for lunch. Great hole in the wall, everything looked delicious. I had the gyro, not too shabby.
After reading some of the reviews I thought this pizza joint would be a good choice, but was totally wrong. I ordered a 14\" pizza with fresh tomatoes and a Greek salad. The pizza was extremely bland, absolutely no flavor!!! The salad was also bland and soggy so, I couldn't enjoy that either. Waste of twenty bucks!!! I would not recommend this place to anyone or ever come back.
I don't think I saw an employee for the first 10 minutes I was in there. Once I basically ran into one he was helpful.
I ordered custom counter tops and had them installed by Lowe's in my laundry room. The color was what I had been looking for in a quartz. The installers somehow scratched (must had been with a saw) the top of the counter top. I complained and they came out and \"fixed\" it by polishing a small section. Now I have a shiny spot in the middle of the counter top.\nI am so disappointed. I spent $2000 for this and see the shiny spot every time I walk through the room. They are functional, but this is so disappointing. Don't have any custom work done.
Best place to get a watch battery changed, have your jewelry repaired or buy second hand beautiful and unique jewelry. Don't be fooled by the other jewelers who want to charge you more money if you own a Movado or other high end watch, the competitor's  18-25 dollar batteries don't last any longer  and DO NOT affect the timing! Many Rolex owners discovered this gem of a place. They also have the add a pearl necklaces with the pearls sold separately.\nNancy is a struggling business woman who has a kind heart! Don't be dismayed by the lack of fancy furniture in the shop, the work is quality.
Very similar to Filibertos in price and quality. Good with mass quantity. The place is small, and pretty simple.
I always pause before giving good reviews to restaurants I love because I want to keep them a secret.  But I'll be generous and share.  \n\nIf you're looking for outstanding sushi, great portions, fun employees and a reasonably priced restaurant, Sakana is it. They have a sushi happy hour, and they have customer appreciation every Thursday.  Their sushi portions are almost excessive and I've never, ever had a bad meal there.  Denise goes out of her way to say hello to everyone,and the sushi chefs will call out their welcome as you walk through the door.\n\nIf you're looking for the typical shiney Scottsdale atmosphere, you've come to the wrong place.  Nor can you sit at the bar and sip cocktails, because there is no bar (except the sushi bar).  But if you want awesome sushi and great service, you must check this place out.
Great neighborhood sushi restaurant.  Happy hour is super cheap.  Buy a beer and get a 50cent app?  Sign me up!  My friend and I ordered around 10 rolls and orders of sushi plus a couple beers and our bill was only $50.  Sushi was fresh and good quality.  All the rolls we ordered were delicious.  4 stars only because the service was a little slow, but they only had 2 guys rolling sushi for the entire restaurant.
You will find here:\n\n1) mediocre frostbitten sashimi\n\n2) scallops that will get you sick\n\n3) a den of witches. \n\nThe first two are self explanatory. The third will be explained in detail.\nThe food here is okay run-of-the-mill americanized sushi. Three star fare. The ambiance is good so that miiiight bump things up to a 3.5 star.\n\nHOWEVER the unique service forces me to ding my rating down to a two.\n\nThe waitresses here are chinese. I am chinese. I also understand chinese. So when the waitresses conspire to secretly sell my coworkers and i their crappier alcohol, i understand what is going on.\n\nCome on.....  \n\nHiro is where it's at.
I went here today for lunch   Needing time away  from work so I drove to sakana I walked in, the place was very busy right off the bat I was greeted with a big hello and smile ......thank you I had the savanna lunch special 9.99 which included miso soup a nice salad  6 or so pieces of fish 6 pieces of rolls and a smoked salmon tempura roll  thing very good and plenty of food
FOR LUNCH ONLY!!!!\n\nCame here the other day for lunch because I had heard about the lunch special. It was a little confusing at first because the specials are written on a dry erase board and are not on the menu. But for $10 you get miso soup, a side salad and a huge variety plate of sushi. This is an unreal deal. I'd literally come here EVERY day for lunch if I could.
eaten here for 10 years, best sushi ever, fair prices and very nice people
I am a little confused as to how this place got so many good reviews. Perhaps I went at the wrong time.\n\nI went to Sakana for dinner and not only was the service pretty bad, the food was disappointing as well. Our hostess was impatient and forgetful. Everything at Sakana is just a variety of a the California roll and they are super generous, not in a good way, with the imitation crab. If you aren't too picky about sushi and are itching for some rice and imitation crab, this place is definitely the place to go.
This is a fabulous place to go when you have been induced with medical supplements while undergoing tests! After spending the majority of the day at Mayo Clinic, my girlfriends and I ventured here for some well-needed nourishment. The fasting thing does not work well for me! In my drug induced state, I ate all 6 pickles, yep ate them all and boy were they tasty as ever. And then I ordered a liverwurst sandwich with onions and cheese on rye bread! Really? Yes, really. And it was superb! Let's just say the entire experience is but a blurrrrrrr, but the service was good, fast, and the food amazing. Then I needed some dessert! The fridge is full of lots of goodies. Now that I am coherent again, I just shake my head and help myself to some rugallah every time I pass through the kitchen. OH WELL, I deserve a little reward for all I have been through today! :)
Update:  The Chompies in Scottsdale sent us a gift card to apologize for our experience.  That was not necessary although we did accept and we used it last night.  We did go to the location near Chandler mall and had a wonderful meal and experience.  The hostess and wait staff were pleasant and the food was very delicious.
Place has great food! Service was slow due to how busy it was but well worth the wait.\n\nHighly recommended place for breakfast!
Coming from Michigan which has one or two outstanding Deli's, Chompie's was a huge disappointment.  Their corned beef was lousy compared to Vienna brand.  Their prices are beyond ridiculous.  I will continue my search for a good Jewish Deli in Arizona.
I am from New York was looking for a good ny style deli found Chompie's figured I'll give it a try they have great matzah ball soup seen man vs food slider challange had to try it they have awesome Jewish sliders with lots of gravy yummmy will be back again
Love this place! They have the best Reuben sandwich around town. I always get mine on sourdough and a side of extra thousand Island. At $15 it is well worth the price and a great treat.  Make sure to get it with pastrami as this is the best cut of meat that is so tender juicy and flavorful and completes the Ruben.
I really like the food here - it's well prepared with quality ingredients. Not much on atmosphere (unless you like dining on picnic benches under the glow of florescent lighting), so it's best to call ahead and take it home with you.
This place was recommended to me so I decided to try it out. BIG mistake. I tried their Jampong soup and it was the WORST Jampong and worst soup I have ever had. The noodles weren't fresh...infact they tasted like they had been frozen for 5yrs too long. Extremely mushy and not edible. The soup was bland and was not proper Jampong soup. I think they mixed a couple sauces together with water and called it Jampong. The seafood and beef were dismal and the shrimp that was in the soup wasn't cleaned properly. Please do us all a favor and take this so called Jampong soup off your menu.
Hands down the best restaurant around. If I were to take one place to a desert island, it would be Houstons. BridgetZ gives me a hard time because it's a chain, but she was also spoiled by living in Manhattan for a while. I still bet she'd put it in her top 5. Things I love:\nHamburger (best in town)\nSpinach Artichoke Dip \nRibs (best I have ever had)\nAhi Tuna Salad (if you are needing to keep it light)\nChicken tenders
My place for a steak anywhere and always.\n\nTheir service is consistently good and their food quality is top notch.  \n\nIn 20 plus years of dining with them I've only had 2 mediocre steaks and both times the staff exceeded our expectations in correcting the matter.  Wine selection used to be better with more Spanish and Argentine options.  Get rid of the Malbec che.  Es puro pedo.  Dame Rioja, Bonarda o Cabernet.
Always satisfying and never a let down!\nEverything we ordered was cooked to perfection.\nEach steak was juicy and the seared tuna was excellent!\nThe atmosphere here is comfortable with traditional flare.\nA really nice place to spend any meal!
My first review :) A friend took my sister and I here for our birthday. Staff was really nice and our server was great. We asked her for some recommendations. I ordered the Hawaiian ribeye and omg!!!! It was definitely the best steak I have had so far! It was mouthwatering and the flavor is laced throughout the whole meat. It was a good sized piece, 12 oz probably, and it was so good that I finished it all. I can't wait to go back and have more soon! The spinach dip is yummy too! Wasn't a fan of the five but brownie though, that is why I am giving this place a 4.5 instead of a 5. Not sure how to give half stars. Either way... I'm coming back for sure :)
Houstons is my favorite spot for lunch. Great wine list when it's not a business lunch. Sounds silly but get the chicken tenders, they will not disappoint. A child's dish done in an adult manner. The service is always great.
I prefer \"All About Tennis\" but SA gets a thumbs up for having a decent selection of Tennis-related gear, having wide-size tennis shoes in stock, XL size socks (these are shockingly hard to find), plus it's really close to home and the club.
Waiting in line to pick up ROC Race packet for 50 minutes so far and still not there yet. You would think that Sports Authority, a sponsor, would help organize packet pick up so the participants had more time to shop!
Bad environment, worse food. Geriatric smokers coughing everywhere! How does this place continue to operate in Scottsdale?  Simply awful. Canned, mushy vegetables. Not a fresh ingredient to be found anywhere. The even have signage touting themselves for their ice cream. Don't get too excited, it's just Dreyer's. Avoid Randy's at all costs, considering the other options nearby. Disgusting.
I'm new to town so thought I 'd check out this place since it was close to my new home. I'm looking to find a regular salon to go to and this is definitely not the one. I got a gel manicure and the whole time she was hurting me like no other! She was VERY rude to me throughout the whole visit and didn't even give me a massage with my $25 manicure. \n\nThe place itself is very dirty. It seems like they haven't cleaned for about 6 months. They blatantly point at you when they are talking about you in another language. \n\nI would never go back! I wouldn't mind paying a little more so I don't have to put up with my nail lady disrespecting and hurting my skin like that.
When I arrived I presened a photo of how I would like my toenails pedicured and painted. The lady said \" ok. No problems we do dat for tou\"   I was under the impression that she spoke very little English. She began the pedi ... I kept reminding her what I wanted and showing her the photo of what I wanted.  She still didn't speak English.   The lady then said \" hi Linda how are you. ..is your son walking yet?  \" to a client that just walked in the door.    As my pedi continued my pedi lady said.   \" oh I have special for you\" because I requested rhinestone as the photo. Anyway I did not get what I paid for    the tech played the no english speaking game
I talked to the owner to request a 1 hour donation to deliver a cake for a 4 year old little girl in hospice. The owner was extremely rude and claimed that he gave to charity often and doubted the validity of my story. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
I just had to drop a note to say just how nice it was to have fast, clear and strong Wi-Fi in my room.\nWhomever handles that for your place is doing great work.
Fianc\u00e9 added my name to the room online (using the hilton website) since he would be coming in later that night. I had a copy of the email confirmation from hilton but the ladies in the front desk wouldn't let me check in without him calling. I just showed you the confirmation email with my name... Could show you my ID to verify. Didn't care, said online requests don't count... Seriously. I would have had to wait the entire day in the lobby if my friends weren't there because he was taking finals and couldn't be disturbed. During the nights, you hearing creaking noises from the ceiling and walls and the tv at the outside bar had poor reception throughout my stay- mentioned to them but they said they couldn't do anything about it. Good location though, close to a lot of great restaurants and shopping.
Dam you Doug !!!\n\nOk, I thought I be the first but Doug beat me to it. \n\n Any establishment that has a free happy hour for it's guest is a plus nuff said. Yes -the 4th floor grill is awesome and the bar staff will give you the In's & outs of Scottsdal-ing culture and the pizza they serve is pretty dam good- the complimentary breakfast was was actually good too.\n\n I'm not sure if they still do the free happy hour thing but what sold me on this lets say resort - is that while I was there , there was a whole bus full of girls that where promoting - some kinda of alcoholic beverage - and I heard from a good source many beverage companies uses the Chaparral as a pit stop for their promotional tours... \n\nWord- I guess they come for the pool's...
We choose this hotel based on the yelp reviews. The room was clean and welcoming. Comfy beds and and I liked the little balcony. However the free wi fi never worked. We didn't take advantage of the free snacks as this was to inconvenient to go down to the lobby every time we wanted something. It was loud at night with thin walls but it was understandable as there was a wedding going on.  The breakfast in the morning was nice quaint and busy. I didn't see much of the staff, so can't make a comment there. I don't know that I would stay again but it was a nice little get away.
Under normal circumstances, I'm a really big fan of Ross. I love sifting through the racks and finding ridiculous bargains on great clothes. These, however, are not normal circumstances.\n\nEvery time I come to this Ross, I get the feeling that it might be on its way out.  Each visit, it looks less like they sell clothes, and more like they're selling shelf space. \n\nWhat product they DO have isn't really that well maintained, either. In a typical retail environment, the employees at least PRETEND that they have product by maintaining the shelves and facing things to fill in the dead space. Not here. \n\nTo top it all off, the areas of the store that DO have product aren't maintained at all. I get it...things get shopped. But I get the feeling that even the employees sense their impending doom, and approach their jobs as such.
I love this place! Great croissants, soup, and dessert! They are known for their delicious chocolate chip cookies!
Worst Home Depot I've ever been to. Needed a sheet of plywood cut and was told by 3 different people someone would be with me. I waited for 30 minutes for something that should have taken 5 minutes at the most. The store was empty and there were employees near the front in a circle on their phones. No excuses for their inability to help.
If you sneak into the bakery before or after the lunch rush you can snag a cinnamon roll. These are the best cinnamon rolls I've found in Phoenix. They aren't subtle. There is often enough frosting (not the creamy kind) to put you in a sugar coma. The staff are polite and quick.\nDon't forget to tip!
I was heartbroken when I pulled in and found they were closed. They were always busy. I went out of my way for their Chopped Salad. I haven't found it anywhere else and some days nothing else would do. I was hoping to find them in another location, but alas, that isn't the case.\nSerenek9@msn.com
I drop by this Chevron from time to time.  It gets very busy during the daytime.  I used to come here more frequently, but I find that sometimes they're out of premium unleaded, but I don't know until I pull up to the pump and see a little note on the pump.  That irritates me.  However, when I need gas and I'm in the area, I have no choice.\n\nReturn Factor - 50%
We bought two cameras from Lauren. She knew we didn't live there, we were on vacation. She was patient and really went long on the set up and tips. Very engaging, this is our camera place when we are in Arizona!
I drive over 20 miles one-way just for the roast beef!  You can't get quality roast beef from any store today, not even the high end grocery stores.  But you can always get it at Casella's, and at a very reasonable price.  Sure, stop by for lunch and get your hogie and meatball sandwiches, every sandwich is made with love and they are all great.  But before you leave, ask for some sliced roast beef and some provolone to go.  You will never buy roast beef from ANY grocery store again!  BTW, get some cannolis too.  They are the bomb!
Great neighborhood Deli, Bring cash, great food
UA Theaters have had it! Why do they keep this place open? Its run down, out of date and well, architecturally ugly! Oh yeah, this is the place that looks just like Space Mountain at Disneyland.. though the only thrill you'll get from here is when they finally bulldoze it down! \n\nThey really should put a Harkin's there where there outta be one!
Every time I've been to this Denny's the service is horrible. I tried it a few times because the first time I went was later in the night so I thought if give it another shot but every time I've gone nothing has changed.
We went for breakfast here while on vacation, although I didn't pick the place, I had heard good things but found it to be ok (I prefer to visit non-chains). It reminds me of any other breakfast at any other diner that isn't really memorable or great. I had the eggs benedict but whatever they called the version with avocado. It was ok, a nice change from regular eggs benedict but not as good as the menu seemed to make it out to be. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their food just fine (they got salads or some skillet things). \n\nOverall the wait wasn't too bad, I didn't care for unattended children running around and the service could've been better (I waited forever before I got my coffee, and I'm not happy until I've had my coffee fix). I'd say its ok, but I don't plan on ever going back.
This place is OK, not too flashy, but OK. Our family of 12 called an hour before for reservations on a busy thursday and managed to get great seating without a wait. The waitress was phenomenal, totally on top of her game and didn't batt an eyelash when she kept being sent too and froo by various sections of the table (we tipped her really well). However, the food was slightly above mediocre. My potatoes were overly cooked, and the sausage tasted wrong. My omlette was also tasting strange and was rubbery. So service was wonderful, but the food was meh.
One of our favorite restaurants in Scottsdale.  The food is very good but the service is outstanding (especially the lady who often serves as the hostess - high energy, always smiling)
I went here for breakfast daily when I was on vacation because of the reasonable prices so that I was able to do some damage at the steakhouses at night!\n\nDon't forget to get your patronage card stamped because after a certain amount I think you get a free one.\n\nThe service was good and the food was Ok but its really hard to mess up breakfast.
Decent breakfast and service. Cute little restaurant. The fresh squeezed orange juice was amazing!
Terrible Service. Just left after waiting 20 min to get utensils and water. Was never given a menu. Another couple was seated with menus and the server commented that we were seated first but someone else would take our order. She then turned to the couple who had just been seated and took their order.  We got up and left.  Other tables had dirty dishes on it.  The restaurant wasn't even busy and I find this unacceptable for lunch hour.
We used to come here when I was a kid-so recently on a visit to AZ we tried it out again. Not bad-it was weird that there was a special \"only if you pay extra\" section of the salad bar that had the good stuff like chicken and artichoke hearts for a few extra bucks, but it ended up not mattering because we went for the 2 meals for 20 dollars route.\nIt was fine-and the Greek Lemon soup was actually good. We were there right before it closed and a person working there gave us each a bag of chocolate chip cookies for free at the end of the night. That was nice.
I wish I would've taken a picture of the stage! The theater is small. 2 rows of seats on either side and about 5-6 shorter rows on either end. The stage is the floor in the middle; however action can happen next to you and in front of you. \n\nIt's... intimate.\n\nWe saw Fiddler on the Roof. The signing and acting was good. The choreography was very good. I certainly feel like I got value for my ticket price.\n\nI look forward to seeing more shows here and increasing my rating with each performance!
Best eyecare office in Arizona! Customer Service is best in breed and products are A rated. Highly recommended
They do a good job and they will come back out to retreat if you see any bugs.  From time to time I have needed them to come back because of scorpions which they gladly do.  I have used them since I moved into my house in 2001 and their prices seems fair.
Several things on sale. The sales women were helpful and talkative. The first one I talked to was anxious to help me as she apprroached me a few times. As I was leaving the store I saw a shower curtain I was interested in buying, another sales woman approached me and we had a lovely conversation regarding the curtain. She informed me that Pier 1 doesn't do all matchy matchy, they focus on incorporating colors to form a set. Pleasant experience today!
I really had a good stay at this hotel. They staff was extraordinarily friendly. They offered me water upon arrival, which was very appreciated. The room was clean and spacious. I was supposed to be there for 6 days, though l left earlier than planned. On the 3rd day, they left me some milk and cookies in my room.  Very nice! the breakfast was pretty good.
middle of the road.  I'd give it 2.5 stars.  the shrimp fried rice was very good, the teriyaki chicken good, the orange chicken pretty blech.\n\nOverall, I'd say it was decent.  Not great, not good, but not terrible.  Just average.
This place is pretty damn good. The egg rolls and crab puff was amazing. I wasn't sure if this place was any good but we decided to try it out anyway and I'm glad that we did! We will definitely be ordering from here again!
This place is the best! The grounds are very well kept and the staff has been nothing but perfect... They even helped me find a free parking space near our room. The room is very spacious and we love having a full size fridge! The tub was large and worked great. We will definitely be back!! Great location in Scottsdale. Had to remove 1 star for the tiny TVs and Xtra slow internet although everything else is great!
Me and my fiancee stayed here for the weekend. We had great time staff were very respectful. The room was clean and organized. The only reason why I put 4star we had problem with parking and our room was so far from our car.\nWe are planing to comeback!\nThanks,\nJunice from Seattle
Had an appointment to get liquid gel nails done.  The lady who did my nails was very rude and I didn't like how they turned out. I tired to communicate with her but was ignored.  Will not return,  would not recommend.
Highly recommend this place! Clean, friendly and pretty quick in getting you seated. Ask for Tommy, he always does a fantastic job.
Be careful of this company!  I assure you the customer service you will receive in the store will be great, but that is where it will end.  If you have any warranty issues in the future they will put all the blame on you for everything!  I purchased furniture from them this summer and have had a couple of warranty issues come up.  The owner, Jim, told me that even though I bought the furniture in his store, credit card paid his company, that it wasn't their company's furniture and will not honor ANY warranty at all.  He told me that my furniture has no AZ Leather warranty, no manufacturers warranty--NOTHING.  He even went as far as telling me that I essentially have damaged goods and have to deal with it.\n\nLook at the reviews from other customers in California and you will begin to notice a pattern with these guys.\n\nBuyer beware!
Do you like being entertained by a knife-wielding Asian chef cooking at your table while you eat?  If this may sound interesting, grab a group of friends and check this place out.  Just don't expect the food to be stellar, and if you order sushi be prepared for less than average.  Benihana is a chain that specializes in a culinary circus type environment over anything else.
One of the worst dining experiences I've ever had! At $2.50 per slice of sashimi, I expected a lot better than a recently defrosted and grainy slice of tuna. Also, do not get the Lobster Roll...it tastes like shrimp tempura that costs $27. \n\nThe service was also bad. The manager knew we had a large party (we made reservations) and assigned a new waitress to handle the table by herself. We got through half of the meal before getting our beers, and it took 30 min (not exaggerating) to get our bill. Would not go back.
A year ago I'd have given them at least four stars.  The ambiance was great, cool decor, food was tasty and reasonable, service was friendly, and the beer selection was really good.  However, I've kinda given up on this place.  For the past YEAR, they've been saying that their kitchen would be open \"soon.\"  For a good month, probably 6 weeks now, they've had a sign up outside that says their kitchen will be open \"Really Soon.\"  Well... a year ain't \"soon\" folks.  Many times I drove up from old town Scottsdale to go enjoy a few beverages and a good meal there.  But as I said, I've given up on this place.  Not quite sure how they're staying afloat anymore.
Sushi on Shea was a well decorated sushi restaurant. The staff is friendly but that might of been because it was so empty. I went on a Wensday night around 7 and it was completly empty. I ordered a few of there specialty rolls such as the Lobster roll and the Eel and Avocado roll. They were both good but nothing really that amazing to make me go back. They do offer other selections other than sushi.
Be sure to call before driving there...the website claims they are open until 5pm but there wasn't a sign of life when I showed up at 4:30 :( I'm sure the cookies are delicious, but I did not get the opportunity to make a purchase.
I was looking for a professional to help with some skin conditions. The staff said all patients first see their physicians assistant before seeing the doctor, which was fine at first but when I finally got to be seen things went awry.,  First off the PA, Rob is very quick tempered, he got upset at me for asking a question, he cut me off in mid sentence and end up prescribing the wrong medication for me.  They gave me free samples which burned my skin.  Rob the PA did not have the time to settle me down before he carved a hole in my skin, he was very insensitive. I will not go back and see him, but will see the actual medical doctor & will update on the visit with the actual doctor who I am hoping has bedside manor which Rob the PA did not.  He was very unsympathetic and was in a hurry.
I have been going to Top Nails for years and can't imagine going anywhere else! I love, love, love them, Highly recommend them!
In the two times we've ordered from this place, we requested the pizza to be cut in slices and not those little squares. They never did what we asked, even when the receipt had our request on it. It really gives the impression that they don't care. The pizza itself was good, but would be better if it weren't cut into squares.
What a wonderful and joyful place to visit. The owner, Judith is one of the kindess people I have ever met. She greats you with a big hug and hugs you again before she lets you leave the store (even if you don't buy anything). The way good no great customer service should be. When I leave this place I am filled with joy and happiness, and I can just feel my spirit at ease. I had my aura read while I was there, and it was all over the place (i.e.- stressed, depressed, worried and so forth). With just a few minutes with Judith, I let my guard down and opened up to her (she is just one of those people you feel like you can tell anything to) and not only did I feel the difference you could actually see the difference in the change of color of my aura. It is a wonderful place to shop again and again.
Average food on a very limited menu.  Service was barely adequate, and the prices were very over-priced.  Location is convenient, but parking can be an issue.  Seems to be very popular with the trendy high school crowd [something I shied away from even when I was in high school]...
I love this place, great food and atmosphere, but on my last visit wasn't impress with new addition to menu
Service was a joke. It truly, absolutely took 11 minutes to get a waitress to acknowledge my presence. \n\nNo happy hour menu. \n\n\"Communal bar table\" is a great idea but situated that you get bumped in to by staff with no apology. Or at least I didn't.\n\nFood is good but no thanks. Won't return.
This is a great place to eat \"except\" they are hit and miss with food quality and level of service. On occasion when my wife and I stop on for lunch, there always manages to be some issue with the food in one another's meal. Given there are 2 of us? That translates to them hitting the mark 50% of the time. The menu selection is awesome. The dark molasses indian bread with butter is worth the trip and if you can get a great service, try the appetiser salad of pecan, endive and blue cheese. The take out cheese cake cant be beat.
I'm usually a fan of cheesecake factory. I've been going since I was a kid. It's usually consistent. This trip however was very different. Appetizer (spinach, artichoke, cheese dip) was good, my little ones grilled cheese was fine, but our chicken chipotle pasta was terrible. The flavor was fine, but the pasta wasn't even near cooked all the way. After we sent it away the manager said that their pasta machine was acting up! Why are they making pasta if the \"cooker\" is broken? Can they not make pasta in an old school pot with water? I didn't ask for anything else. We ordered a key lime cheesecake to go and went home. The cheesecake was the best part of our meal.
Normally, service here is excellent. But tonight? FAIL. We're regulars at the Scottsdale location; it's walking distance from home!  Well tonight we waited quite a longer time than usual for our dinner. Even the manager came over to apologize as well as our waitress. No offer of a discount on our bill, free desert, nothing! We're not the type to be verbal, but when both the mgr and waitress are aware of an issue, and does nothing for the customer....thats an even bigger disappointment. :(
We only ever get the Louisiana Chicken pasta or cheesecake any more.  I think the menu is so big that it is hard for them to have any specialties (other than cheesecake).  The last 5 dishes I've had have been nothing special at all, and one I even sent back because it was so bad (and I NEVER do that).
Bartender service is supposed to be fast and attentive.  At the bar and he decided to read the paper instead of pay attention to anyone. Blah.
Great menu and good food!
It's an Einstein. The patio seating is what differentiates this location. A great destination for dog walkers. And you can pick up a doggie bagel for your pooch for a buck. There also always seem to be friendly customers anxious to interact with the canine diners.\n\nI tend to arrive late with my family. Even though they are suppose to be open until 3:00 p.m. on Sundays, they stop replenishing bagels and will run out of many of the most popular (or is it just our favorite?) bagel flavors well before that. Not unusual, but the employees seem tired of the issue and react with a take it or leave it attitude. Good luck if you arrive after 1:00, or even noon. Most other days they close at 5:00 and have the same problem, just a little later.\n\nFor the most part, however, employees are friendly here.
It was ok...Nothing special.  I ordered an italian sub, and it was served on a bun/roll...not the Italian bread that I'm used to.  I should have just gone to Jimmy Johns.
This was one bad sandwich and not really an Italian Deli at all. They have a motto saying that they have \"the biggest and best sandwiches\", but what you get is exactly the opposite. The menu listed nothing Italian like Ziti, etc - it is just  a sandwich shop and not a good one at that. First problem on this Saturday was the cashier girl, who was new and did not know the answers to any questions we asked about the food. Who trained this individual? The next issue was the sandwich itself, but these 8 buck Wedge sandwiches are small, constructed poorly and somehow, the condiments of mayo, lettuce and tomato caused me alot of gas only 45 minutes later. This deli is a joke, not worth the money or the hype. The meat is Boars Head, but beyond that, some chains have better sandwiches than this place.
Today was my last visit. The customer service is consistently poor and in a day and age where the average consumer has a multitude of meal options in front of them, what really sets places apart is how they interact with patrons. When a manager/owner is rude, abrupt and downright disrespectful to customers, what is to be assumed except that they don't value their business. \n\nI do wish them luck as a mom & pop shop. I think we need more family run eateries in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area...but Rinaldi's? It'll be an uphill battle if they choose to continue to treat their clientele in this fashion. It's too bad.
Great Italian sub, also the greek salad is good too.  Customer service not so great....  We do love supporting local businesses.  Restaurant was busy for lunch  but unkept, there were picture frames and extra stuff blocking tables and on tables, so we could barely squeeze into our table from boxes etc...
Well, this place is good.  The food is kind of that outdated tropical fare and lacks any sort of innovation.  The atmosphere has that TGI fridays chain feeling to it, but instead of shit on the walls its upscale tropical.\n\nI wouldnt really go back unless i was invited by someone else.
This place is absolutely disgusting. Dirty, dirty, dirty. I'd rather pay to sleep in my car. Also, the staff is very rude.
I wasn't sure what to expect with all the bad reviews that I read about this place. But after staying here for 3 nights, it looks like things have improved. \n\nThe whole place underwent renovation about 3 weeks ago. My room was spacious, clean, and fairly quiet. There is construction going on next door that you can hear inside but the noise wasn't loud enough to wake me up. Soap, shampoo, and clean towels were all provided. The free WiFi worked well. The location and price are hard to beat. Search online for coupon codes.\n\nMy only complaint is that my nonsmoking room (the entire hotel is nonsmoking now) still smelled of smoke.
After leaving Jos. A Banks across the parking lot where there were no coats in my size (54), I met with Stewart who happily showed me a nice selection in my size and with buy 1 get 1 free, they are tailoring both now.  Good job and great service.
I happend to find this place as I was itching for some sake and left very satisfied. \n\nGrub a dub- I find it sometimes hard to eat asian food , unless sushi or sashimi is involved, because I always feel so full after, but this place is different , slightly smaller portions , with fitting prices. The hot and sour soup intantly became greatness to me.\n\nService- I guess i went at a weird time as I was the only one in the place , so every thing came out fast and hot.But you can tell the server was about to leave and kept rushing away to do her final things.:(\n\nThe Get up- kinda standard look to the place , blacks and red stark asain decor . nothing new or stand out. but not cheesy either.\n\nAll in all, ill go again but probably wont suggest it when headed out with friends.
This place is hit or miss. Luckily, the last time I went was a hit with the yellow curry with chicken. \n\nI have been coming here for about 4 or 5 years. When momma is in the house, the food is generally better. (Flo) Come in for Saturday lunch special for $5. Yes, I said $5. All the special entrees come with salad. Reg. $7.50-8.50 during the week. \n\nI also like the pad thai and spicy chicken chow mein. It has these tiny but potent jalapenos. Man, it has the burn, but really probably my second favorite dish. If you do not like spicy, stay away from that one!
Food is OK - sometimes good - used to be great.  The service is terrible and a 25 minute wait for lunch on Saturday at 1:00?  Seriously?  It seems the restaurant relies on takeout - hostess ignored folks waiting to get on the wait list (irony intended) to serve carryout customers - could the tips have an influence?\nWe were finally seated - had Shrimp Pad Thai and Red Chicken Curry - the curry was very good, but shrimp was overcooked and the dish tasted substantially different from last visit.  The restaurant is incredibly loud, to the point of distracting.  \nWe used to go here often, but will be eating at other places from now on when Saturday shopping.
Service was slow and fairly apathetic, I'd expect a little better on a Sunday afternoon.\n\nI'd heard plenty about Flo's, mostly good, so I was excited to try it. The salad that came before lunch was cafeteria-grade iceberg. Dressing was tasty, though. My entree was shrimp with bacon, cabbage, and tomato. It tasted okay, nothing special though.\n\nThe reason I'm giving them one star, though, is because something in this meal (I'm assuming shrimp) made me sick, and I'm still paying for it two days later. Far from impressed, and I won't be coming back.
They have excellent food, but the portions are average to small and the pricing is expensive for this type of cuisine. I'm not sure I would go again compared to other options I have for chinese food. The staff was average as well. I'd like to see better staff and bigger portions in the future if I were to go again.
If you're hungry for Asian, by all means go. It's a nice restaurant with a very pleasant staff. \n\nThe food is good and tasted fresh. The Coconut Curry Soup is good, the pad thai was not among the best I've had but it was satisfying... The Tom Yun Gun was way too salty.
Way over priced!\n\nIt is a nice hotel, but not for the price you pay...at these rates you could have creme de la creme at a Ritz. I will say everybody was really nice and friendly. The room is nice, but the sheets a little rough. The pools are okay. For me the pools and the building are not that asethically appealing and kind of blah. Loved seeing the bunnies on the way to the pool. The running trail I thought would go around the golf course it nothing but a trail along the main roads...disappointed so I turned back. The Nellie restaurant was bad and the menu at the pool is very small and not fantastic but decent...again not what is expected at the caliber of a hotel such as this. I did love the bagpipes in the evenings. \n\nMehhh I will try another resort if I ever go back to Scottsdale.
The rooms are very so so and the hospitality was non existent, I will not be going back!,
Nice hotel and friendly staff.  A nice place to get away for a few days.
wow!  such a beautiful place!  from the golf course to the bars and outside patio, it's great.  We went there for Infusioncon and it was awesome!
best ever massage I have ever had! xoxoxo
Not worth it. Some weird, offensive smell throughout entire hotel. Gym was packed constantly. Way more kids at resort than I expected.  \nLobby and bar area, pretty. Golf prices, just too high.\nHotel leaves a message at your  room saying \"come down and pick up your free gift\" but your free gift is really a ploy to get you to buy a timeshare. BRUTAL!
best place to buy shoes
Nordstrom Rack is always a cool place to go. You can find things that you saw at Nordstroms not too long ago for a great price.\nMen.s clothes, shoes, belts, and other rick rack is always fun to scout out here for.  This store is clean,and neat,and well put together.\nYou can use your Nordstrom Credit Card here as well.\nWhen you shop here with your Nordstrom card you are also racking up your points to get your Nordstrom Notes. We all know that those are a major plus as well.\n\nGive it a go. Come on down and give it the once over.\nYou will be glad you did. Even the ladies love this place, can you believe that! Hehee
THE WORST COMPANY EVER!!!!! Beware of Mario, he is out for himself and could give a da** about anything else. Communication is not in his vocabulary because he does not email, call or return any messages. His assistant Tomi is just as bad, you will never get anywhere with this company. We rented a condo with this so called Scottsdale luxury rentals, so obviously maintenance is included with that. It took them 3 days to get someone to fix our air conditioning in 110 degree weather!!! He scheduled a walk through and forgot to mention that is was canceled, he is such a huge inconvenience. When the bills are due if your not on time they will be on your tail calling and emailing.  They are quick to take payment but to return the deposit was impossible. They will take every penny if you let them, get a lawyer by your side, because you will need one!
Good dry cleaning at a great price. \nThis place is simple and good. The staff is efficient and gets down to business. They have successfully saved a few of my blouses from my clumsy stains.\nOne tip is to be sure to pay with cash. They accept debit cards too but charge a $.50 processing fee.
A bit disappointed so writing after only one exploratory visit and a revisit for the one dish that deserved an encore.\n\nThe Ossobucco was the major disappointment, A beautiful Presentation that lacked flavor and was past overcooked. One of my favorite dishes when prepared correctly, but they just missed - badly!\n\nOn the plus side the Gnocchi were little pillows of wonderfulness! Reminded me on our neighborhood  \"little Italian lady\" who made it for me as a child over 60 years ago and was, until now, the very best I have ever had. This version was very close and was served with a wonderful four cheese white sauce (calorie free for certain!). The Caesar Salad was a decent rendition but nothing I have eaten here approached the Gnocchi, unfortunately.\n\nWorth the trip for the Gnocchi alone!
Omigosh! We had reservations and they have COMPLETELY ignored us. Even let another group ahead of us. The hostess is rude and condescending. I will never come here again nor would I recommend this place to anyone.  We are still standing here 45 minutes after we should have been seated!
They carry the best products.  Their staff is like one big family and getting your hair or nails done is like a social event.  They are reasonably priced, in a great location, clean, friendly and accommodating!  If you're looking for a new salon call them and they will have the stylist you're looking for.
Pretty standard issue sports bar. The place is pretty large and spread out which is nice, but we went late on a weeknight and there weren't too many people around. Seems like the kind of place a locals have been going to for years. Little dark, a little divey but not dirty or unpleasant. Beer selection wasn't great but the wings made it worth the trip. The wings were great. I live in the area and I imagine I'll be back here sometime soon.
Just the worst. Owner was ranting in the back and humiliating his staff. So nasty and so rude.
Fresh and good but the actual hot dog on the Chicago dog tastes like one from the grocery store. Meets the craving for Chicago but not completely.
I loved this place before I even got in the front door. Very good prices, and well organized.  The owner is so friendly.  It seemed like every item of fabulous clothing I picked up was on sale for half price.  I am definitely a regular now!!!
Great selection, clean, and good prices.  Nice jewelry selection too.
The food was very good but I wasn't crazy about the stuffed mushrooms! They weren't bad but they weren't great either! I had veal franchese and it was very good. The veal melted in your mouth and the flavor was outstanding. It comes with pasta with tomato sauce which wasn't bad. The caesar salad with anchovies was really good and they pour a very healthy glass of wine! I ain't mad at 'em! :)
Tried to have a romantic dinner at this place with m y wife. Food was great, but the service not so good. Rude wait staff. Maybe a Jersey thing?? but I'm from Jersey and wasn't feeling the love...
Oh, Anthropologie, how I love thee!  And, oh how I love thee sales even more. I must say, this particular Anthropologie has been my lucky store, as I've been able to find on numerous occasion fabulous deals on clothes.  Just recently, I bought a cute summer dress and skirt for about half-off their original price.  Their houseware and gift items are adorable too and definitely a great way to go for a fantastically unique gift for a girlfriend, sister, mother, etc. My only complaint, and the only reason I give the store four stars, is the clothes are a little pricey.  They are definitely cute and unique, but most of them are made from cotton, which begs the questions... when did cotton t-shirts start costing $55?
Okay the staff was some what friendly. The software they use for their mailing is terrible!!! Couldn't find any addresses even though google maps did. Overpriced as well, they just try and charge you the most expensive deal! What the heck. I dropped off and mailed a package a week ago. Just got a confirmation email that it was mailed. Over a week ago! The package should have been mailed the next day via USPS and would have been there already. Just go to the Post Office, fed ex or a real UPS store.
Morton's has a fine reputation, and for the most part it lives up to it. The Steaks are sublime, though I wasn't as keen on the asparagus or potatoes here... I am not sure their prices are always in line.\n\nThe drinks are all top shelf and worth every penny.
Not my fav place prob like #7 on my list however a great lunch spot late in the afternoon its usaully empty. I like there lettuce wrap thing o and they have alcohol there too after being in Barnes & Noble for hours I get hungry and thirsty what can I say!?!? The one in awhatukee bluuuu 100x worse food wise but thats another review =)
I feel like Ra is too focused on social and not sushi. Good for groups, and decent happy hour prices. Lots of cute waitresses too.
Fun Americanized sushi bar.  Usually packed with a 30-something crowd at the bar.  Loud music.  Sushi is average, but what you would expect from a place like this.  Service is good.  If you want drinks with some sushi on the side, this is a great place.  If you want authentic, try Hiro Sushi instead.
The sushi at RA is beyond amazing!  I eat sushi about 3 times a week and if I could eat at RA evertime, I WOULD!  Happy Hour rocks and there's some really awesome stuff on the HH menu!  Absolutely love it!
Reasonable prices, great service, unique and delicious rolls.  This one is also in a great location right in Kierland Commons.  I consider myself very picky when it comes to sushi and this is a place I am very appreciative of having recommended to me.  I am a true fan of RA!
Poor service - Dirty tables and they waited until after my order was in for 20 minutes to tell me they didn't have the item I ordered. I have to request a menu to order something else and then they told me there would be a wait because their kitchen was backed up. The food I did order was not very good, very inconsistent.
Recently I drove by the area looking for a quick stop to get my nails done. I was pleasantly surprised by the service i received. From the moment I walked in a was greeted and shown to a chair right away. Their wide variety of nail colors made it hard to choose! During the service I got my first gel mani and pedi with callus removal done at the same time which was great because I was in a time restraint without them even knowing I was. Even though I was getting two services done at the same time I never felt a sense of urgency or rush from the salon techs. Two weeks later my nails and toes still look great! I will continue to return to this very friendly and welcoming place!
I can't really write a very detailed description on this because we stayed only for 10 minutes. After walking in and finding that my husband and I were the youngest in there, by like 30 years, we had one round of nasty tasting drinks and left.  \n\nOn a plus, the waitress was very nice. The atmosphere not so much. We didn't get a chance to taste the food.
I go here often for lunch so I figured I would write a little something about it... Love the hot sauce and the food is pretty good! I've been here at night time also to play a little trivia. \n\nAll in all, it's not the most fancy place to go but its a good spot if you want to have some lunch, do a little off track betting or just go for some drinks and food after work. Definitely filled with locals but all are friendly. Quite a few TVs if you want to see a game.
Warm, friendly ....  nice and reliable and conveniently located inside PV Mall.
Arrived here around lunch time and the place was charming, but was completely empty. There wasn't even a waitress anywhere in sight. We seated ourselves and a couple minutes later the waitress came out. At first I thought why is this place so empty, but I would find out soon enough. The waitress was moody and gave us attitude when we asked her questions almost as if we were stupid for asking. We had a living social coupon and no where on it did it say that we had to order from the dinner menu, but apparently that was the case. We ordered our food, Cuban sandwich, mussels, arroz con pollo, and a salad. It was good, but not great for the prices we were paying. Just as an example the Cuban sandwich is $15...I think I paid $6 out $7 for a really good Cuban sandwich in Miami. Sad to say I probably will not be going back.
I have eaten here many times over the years but forgot to write a review before now. The service and food are always excellent. My favorite dish is the pork with beans and rice and a wonderful au jus. Fresh lime slices that just go perfectly with it. Fresh iced tea with mango. I always get a side order of the plantains too. They give you wonderful island bread for no extra charge.  I used to live in the Caribbean and know their food is authentic and very well done. Generous portions.\nMy only complaint is that they have gotten me completely hooked on mojitos!! I had my first one there and now I just can't stop craving them. \nNice toe-tapping Cuban music. Not snooty fancy but very nice casual. You feel like you're on a patio instead of in an enclosed room.
Allure is awesome! The salon is always clean, the staff is friendly, and their prices are reasonable. I live about 15 miles from Allure, but make the drive there whenever I want my nails done or need a wax because nobody else does as good of a job as Allure. Get your eyebrows waxed by Jen! I've been going to her for 2 years and she's the only person I trust with my brows. She does a great job, keeps them full & natural looking, but cleans them up nicely.\n\nAlso: Bring cash to tip because you can't write in a tip on your credit card receipt!
Service was good but food not all that great. It was $17 for two bagel breakfast sandwich's and two coffees.  Everything in the breakfast sandwich tasted pre made for the day and the bagel itself was very very doughy. Always like trying a new place but don't think I will be going back to this.
Make sure they know if u r in a hurry.  Was disappointed bc I called ahead and gave very specific directions (Please make sure the 3 dozen bialy's are in plastic bags bc I need to pack them in my suitcase.  Unfortunately, they were not and I had to make the taxi wait...  costing me more money.  UGH!  In the long run, it ended up costing $72 for 39 bialys (including taxi)
If you want a perfectly baked bagel, NY Bagels 'n Bialys has the best. They have a large menu to satisfy any breakfast craving and offer fast service. A great breakfast restaurant.
This is short.\n\n8:30 PM, Saturday night, calling Giuseppe....\"ring\"....\"ring\" \"RESTORANTE GIUSEPPE!\", \"Hi what's your current wait??\", \"KITCHEN IN CLOSED\", 'CLICK'.\n\nYour shitting me right?\n\n8:30 on a Saturday, give me a break. I won't even consider trying it now no matter how good it is, another great example of modern day lazy american business operations.
This place it the real deal! Pasquale and his family will provide you with amazing hospitality as you eat some of the most authentic Italian food you can get outside of Italy. Meatballs the size of a softball, pasta cooked to a perfect al dente and amazingly fresh ingredients make this place shine. \n\nMy favorites..Peperonata for appetizer and the pasta Alex for a main. They only take cash here, but it is BYOB and no corkage fee which is fantastic. Our server was telling us that his mother made all of the desserts and boy were they delicious. The New York Cheesecake was the table favorite. It was so smooth and creamy and had the perfect moisture and texture. \n\nBring an empty stomach and be ready to have a great time at Ristorante Giuseppe's!
Food was authentic and yummy. It was very inexpensive and you can bring your own wine!! What a concept. No cork fees either.
I was really excited when I heard this was so close to me. I had been to the one on 28th and Indian School before and had no idea this one existed. We were waited on by Giuseppe and it was a very enjoyable experience. I ended up having the manicotti which was very good. I also had the opportunity to try their meatballs (also excellent) and the tiramisu (it, too, was delicious!). The pricing is pretty good, not much more than some big chain restaurants, and you're supporting a locally owned business in the process. Be forewarned (as we did not know this) it is a CASH ONLY establishment! No credit or debit cards accepted. I would recommend this to anyone who hasn't been before and wants to try something new, with a good atmosphere, just remember to bring cash!
I take my car here every 3,000 miles for oil changes only. These guys will try to sell you everything you don't need for your car so be careful! I just print out my discount coupon, get my oil change and say thanks but no thanks to their list of suggestions i need to do to make my car safe. They will try to sell you things like fuel injection cleaner for $100($10 at O'Reilly), tell you your brake fluid is dirty by showing you a strip, same goes for power steering, and rear differential(DON'T DO IT! Total Scam.) If your car has under 150k miles, you have nothing to worry about. Those parts are sealed.If they tell you need a air filter or cabin filter, save the money and go down the street to O'Reilly (and no I don't work for O'Relly)
I am still coming to the same Firestone years later and the same guys still work there and they are still good to me. The make sure I don't pay for services I don't need and when I do need something, they make sure it is taken care of asap and try to make sure it doesn't cost a small fortune. Even my coworkers in my office have started going to this location and they guys are good to them. Plus they know if they aren't I would give them hell, and the last thing they want is a mad Ebony on their hands lol. I trust them as they know my car is important to me. So in a nutshell, yes I still like this Firestone. The end! :)
Great selection and wonderful staff.  They're always happy to go way beyond the call-of-duty to look for something you are requesting, and if possible, special order it and stock it for you - fantastic.  Four stars because I still have to shop elsewhere for fresh food and some strange herbs / extracts.  Would put 4.5 if I could :).
Stopped in to buy a new cable with a friend. While I was picking out my cable, my friend asked to play a guitar. The guitars are placed behind the amps so that you can't touch them, which would be ok if they were super nice and expensive. However, the selection was junk and every guitar I heard was set up terribly. On top of it, Monty was incredibly rude because my friend wasn't going to buy the guitar. He was so busy being a jackass to my friend that he couldn't even hear me asking him to grab a guitar chord for me off of a shelf behind his counter. I don't know if it's because he was having a conversation with a friend when we walked in, but I have just never been treated so rudely through a shopping experience. I will never go back and I hope you will avoid this place as well as it does not deserve you business.
I scheduled an appointment with the Dr. He never came in. The PA came in for 5 minutes. He barely did a physical exam. Never even tested for reflexes! Complained to the office manager. Had to track her down and keep calling to reach her. Horrible practicioners and patient service. I found another Dr. Complete different attitude. She did a complete physical exam and spent time with me. Never go to AZ Center for Pain!!!
I have eaten at this Red Lobster for years. Recently things have slipped. Yesterday a group of us had dinner. One person ordered the fish and chips. What came was batter, no fish. Two us is had Cobb salads, poor...the lettuce was frozen in both salads. Needless to say this place needs a major over haul. The only good thing about this restaurant is the server Mary who is stellar. Too may other places to eat.
This store always looks like a bomb went off. Every time I visit this location it is unorganized, messy, and it smells weird. The messiness makes it very difficult to find things, which can be really frustrating.
Beautiful campus!! First time attending and have the pleasure of having two exemplary  professors.  This school has a great culinary arts programs as well as an awesome hospitality program!!\n\nLove it!
Ok, lets be honest. Casinos are places of desperation, seedy experiences, lost dreams, and just downright hilarity. I love casinos. I am in no way a compulsive gambler, addict, or junky of any sort so I feel my reviews of casinos can be quite frank and honest from an outsiders perspective.\n\nThis place sucks!!!\n\nIt is filled with people hooked up to respirators with their filthy wigs and blue hairs. There is nothing \"bling\" about this place and its genuinely old, dirty, and depressing. \n\nThe slot machines are a haven for old timers to pump away their social security checks and their grandchildrens inheritance. The machines don't pay out and when you win more than 200 bucks it has to be hand delivered to you. \n\nIndians casinos always suck  - this place is no exception.
Monday night all you can eat crab night wasn't all it was cracked up to be...haha! The crab was over done and rubbery. They serve it to you instead of you pickin out all the best legs. We went around nine and there was only one other guy there... which was the only good thing. I give the buffet a D for food and B for service, we had 3 waitresses dying of boredom and constantly bringing clean plates and fresh drinks. \n\nIf you would like to try for yourself, maybe you'll have better luck ;)\nEagles Nest Buffet @Mckellips location Sunday and Monday $14.00 All-u-can-eat-crab 4:30-10pm
make sure you go to the free showstoppers show and see the dolly parton, tina turner, elvis and four tops look-a-likes sing their hearts out! non-alcoholic drinks are just $2.50 (2 drink minimum required) and there are delicious $5 drink specials
Best poker room in town, and I have tried several of them.  The entire area is non-smoking which helps.  The room has a good mix of games, and tons of tables.  My only complaint is that I live on the west side, so it's a long drive to get to this location.
Bad bingo is real fun and is like playing bingo in a night club but with fun prizes and funny games. This is a great time and is sure to entertain, yes the line is long because they fill the room with all the fun and games, try it you will like it. Bring back Lucky Break
My son, one of his friends and I went to L8 Night Bingo tonite. I have played Bingo at CA many times and never paid much attention to details. We all paid for the same package. At one point we noticed that I had twice as many cards as my son, then noticed his friend had 3 times as many cards on each game. When my son questioned them about it they called security and took him to some office. Then they threatened him with the police and accused him of things he did not do. Watch out for these people. If you catch them cheating you may find yourself being detained.
I can't even give it one star because the people that take your money are mean. Yes I agreed that I'm not a pro gambler, but I'm not a sore loser either. I spent lots gambling and had a bad experience with Jennifer and grandma. The more you spend the worst the casino treats you. I would recommend the bar because prie treats you awesome and her staff.
This place is not the cheapest nor the best.\nBut this place does have the most decent food.\nThe tempura is good.\nSushi is fresh. And the portion is pretty generous.\nThe staff very friendly.\nBut why I gave them 3. Because their presentation sucks. The sushi roll doesn't stay put. I mean, it literally break apart when you try to pick em up.\nI still keep coming here, because I haven't found other place yet. the only bad part of travelling to a different place, is .. hard to find a good sushi place. and I'm still looking.
Best sushi I've ever had!\n\nIt's so fresh, it's so melt-in-your mouth delicious, it's pretty much the best sushi I've had the pleasure of trying.\n\nOur party ordered lots of salmon, lots of tuna, and my all time favorite, lots of yellowtail.  We also had a variety of rolls too.  Everything, from the appetizer to the sushi was omnomnom.\n\nThe seaweed salad was perfectly seasoned, probably the best I've had.  The fish was generously and perfectly cut.  I'm usually not a fan of tuna, but the tuna was so delicious, I ate lots of it.  Obviously I stuffed myself with salmon and yellowtail nigiri.\n\nI'm pretty sure I gained 20lbs after gobbling up everything.
Once again, I was craving sushi.\n\nI read your reviews, and decided to take the small leap (if there is such a thing) into Hiro Sushi. \n\nWe ordered the Rainbow roll, Crazy Roll and Crunchy California Roll.\n\nAll were pretty good. Not great (sorry) but good. \n\nThe people that work there are darling, nice and attentive. \n\nMaybe I\"ve had too much sushi all over the planet,or am too picky (or spoiled with killer sushi?) but this was good,  not great. \n\nScottsdale peeps, try Dozo...it looks like an old Jack In the Crack from the outside, but inside? Pretty. Most importantly, they have awesome sushi.\n\nAnyone in the Chandler/Awautukee area? Try Sushi Eye (on Warner)...
I'm on a hunt for a new sushi place, so I drove 40 minutes to go check this place out.  My review is strictly on their food.   I drove that far, because I trusted Yelp reviews on this place.  What a disappointment it turned out to be...\n\nYes, they have the abalone,  and otoro which I can't find in many other places in AZ...but that's about it.  Their cut on sashimi is poor, meaning, the sashimi chef's skill is not up to par.  The fish is cut too thin, and is jagged at the edges.  Everything is over priced for what it is.  I've had much better other places such as Gilbert of all places!  \n\nI'm all for paying top dollar if what you serve me is top notch!  But this place just isn't worth it!
LOVE this place. Hands down some of the best sushi I've ever had - everything is fresh and thoughtfully made. The sushi is great (the scallops are amazing), they have some unique rolls on the menu and the service is outstanding. It's a very small place which I love and I think it adds to the authenticity. The chefs greet and say thank you to all who enter and leave. Can't say enough good things about this place!
A bit of an older b&n but it has all the essentials.  Good, clean store and friendly employees make the experience even better.
Went here once for labwork.  My wife had something down the street to tend to.  No one was there, and it was only me that Friday morning.  I was in and out in 7 minutes.  Too bad this place is now closed :-(!!!
If you are looking for a Thai place in the Phoenix metro area, you've found it. When I first moved to Phoenix, I discovered the Swaddee Thai location in Chandler. A few years later, I moved to N Phoenix, and I was thankful to find that there was another Swaddee Thai close to me!\n\nMy favorite things on the menu are tofu coconut princess and Tom Ka, a coconut milk / mushroom soup. I love the amount of vegetarian options; you even get a choice of soft or fried tofu!\n\nThe service here is fast, the food is fantastic, and this is a great place to seek out for a delicious lunch or dinner.
Similar to Trader Joe's or Whole Foods, but a lot more \"gourmet\" and even more helpful sales staff.  Wine selection is amazing with a staffed sommelier.  I used to live across the street from the Thompson Peak location, and loved the weeknight specials like stir-fry prepared in front of you.  It reminds me of similar dorm cafeteria specials...only good, and a helluva lot more expensive!
They finally closed. I believe this was the first A.J.'s in Arizona......and the past few years it slowly went downhill.
The wings here are excellent.  The \"suicide\" heat level is not ridiculously hot, but very tasty and they aren't over-powered by vinegar as too many other places do.  My wife loves the white pizza with garlic.  They are generous on the cheese and the thin crust is very tasty and well done.  Service is always good.
Great spot to just hang with the crew. Not the normal uppity Scottsdale bar. Games are upstairs and lots of room. Food was okay. I got the nachos and the chips were very stale but my friend got the burger and it looked really good. Good atmosphere. It's or after work hangout, if we can get everyone together more often.  :)
The doctors all treated me like a total whiner when I was pregnant and neglected to properly diagnose me with some severe and debilitating health conditions that developed during my pregnancy. Keep in mind all they care about is the baby and the mom's complaints just get brushed to the wayside. They spend about five minutes with you and no more. I could not be more disappointed and had a completely  miserable pregnancy AND delivery AND hospital stay thanks to their total and complete negligence and failure to properly diagnose or even recommend I see a specialist. I asked for someone to evaluate my problems when I was in the hospital and they said it was not possible for that to happen....wtf??? I was just told it is normal to feel awful when pregnant. Everyone feels awful just shut up and deal with it. Had someone taken the time to actually take my compaints seriously and order a few simple tests I could have been spared a year of complete misery and suffering.
had a pedi and gel mani done today! absolutely will be coming back :) everyone was so nice and the prices are perfect. \nvery very clean as well!
They did a great job. They got us right in, they have massage chairs, they were very good.  They gave us bottled water. My daughter got a flower on each of her big toes and there was no extra charge even with a jewel on it.
This is the best Chipotle in town!! They give the most. If you want Extra chicken they give you EXTRA!! I don't mind paying extra for double meat but some of the Chipotles are so skimpy! They also have the nicest staff Not kidding!!
I have a food allergy and they had no idea how to prepare my food safely. The worst chipotle I've been to in any state.
After a much glorified recommendation from the waiter too get the pork c hop special, result was 4 dried out chops, 4 undercooked risottos ( which they replaced with something else, ours were the last they had for the night). After mention of the chops drones, we're told they would melt in mouth, that was not going to happen with those chopsn we were offered free dessert. Took it home, tiramisu, will taste in the AM for breakfast. Disappointing as previous visit was actually quite good. Fifth person had the meatballs, said they were good.\n\nAppetizers muscles were good as was the soup.
Horrible atmosphere, waiters left dirty dishes on one of the three islands/pantry in the middle of the restaurant. (Which is weird enough....that you can see opened very cans of soda and cut up lime and lemons that have been sitting out for who knows how long). Horrible service. Horrible attitude waiters. Would never go back. I am surprised that this chain has not been shut down.
Chicken milanese(used to be our favorite) was DRY and only cooked on ONE side...brocolini was hard as a rock. We never saw a manager the entire time we were there and the server couldn't have cared less when we pointed out the food wasn't up to par. I emailed them and of course they never bothered to respond.\n\nIf you want  a fabulous dinner...you might want to go elsewhere
Terrible Service... It took a few minutes just to be greeted by the Host.\nFood was ok...
Horrible service and gave our food to another table
\"It's a chain. It's fondue. BUT perfect for the right occasion. I would give it 4 stars for groups or first dates. You get to cook your food so it is interactive giving you something other than your nerves to focus on. Pretty pricey however.\"
If you go here, you will enjoy a four course fondue meal. The desert chocolate is awesome. I prefer the 'Smores' option but the others look great also. They have many options for the main course. This place is pricey and you do have to cook your own food, but a nice option for special occasions.
This is a great spot for a date night.\n\nWe had a table right next to the fireplace.  \nOur server was slow at first, but very kind and a lot of fun.\n\nThe food was delicious.  We had a cheese fondue, salads, and an endless meat fondue.  Keep in mind this isn't your typical restaurant.  You don't go and get served ready-to-eat food.  You get served food that you cook in the fondue pot.  If you're OK with that, this is a lot of fun.  It can get a bit overwhelming keeping track of cooking times, but it's worth it.\n\nWe regret not getting a chocolate fondue for dessert, but we were way too full.
Pretty delicious! The melting pot is always one of my favorites. The service is always great (Ashley didn't disappoint during our visit yesterday). The food is consistently delicious. The quality is good but it's up to you to prepare it correctly. My one complaint and the reason I gave 4 vs 5 stars, I was charged $39.95 for the endless fondue but the website and the manager informed me that it'd be $36.95. It's only a $3 difference but, hey, that $3 could have covered my coffee.
After two extremely disappointing trips to the Melting Pot in Ahwatukee, I was hesitant to try the Scottsdale location. I had some dip certificates that were about to expire, so I decided to give them another try. \n\nI am so glad that I did. Not only was the food amazing, but the service was excellent. Michael D. was the server, and he was friendly and professional. There were two managers walking around to make sure that everyone in the restaurant was satisfied, and I was very happy to honestly say that it was the best experience I've ever had at The Melting Pot in a long time. From now on, I'll only come to this location. If Michael is still there the next time I visit, I will definitely be asking for his section again.
Samurai Sam's tries hard at creating some Asian inspired food\n\nThe three of us came here last week, each ordering something different. I had three chicken tacos which were good, but had virtually no meat. As you can see from the photos, it's hard to find any. Lots of veggies though.\n\nAs for my friends, they each ordered different types of teriyaki bowls. Both came with a lot of rice, but again not much else.\n\nSadly, you can get  nearly twice as much food at Panda Express.  It's hard to justify coming back, our bill came to $24.70, including two soft drinks and one water. So, Two Stars and yes, we have had better.\n\nSorry!
I just called again to see what the new word is and I was told that their ordering system is broken and that I should keep calling in.  I was also told that he thinks the phone will ship around the 28th.  I ordered it on the 3rd, and was told it would be there on the 11th. I also responded to a Retention Manager that replied to my first post, but she did not return my call.  Go figure.  Go figure that this store only has 1 star ratings.
Love this place.  Only ever eaten breakfast here, but the atmosphere is great -- the owners are very nice and the staff is efficient but caring.  The food is GREAT.  The breakfast items are REALLY fresh and makes me think they get them locally.  I saw a lot of \"organic\" on the menu, so I know the actual ingredients are very good.\n\nHighly recommend this place!!
We couldn't decide on what to eat last night so we pulled into the AJs parking lot. We saw the sports bar but decided to take a chance on the Dragonfly Cafe. Right away we noticed the ambience the music and the nice relaxing atmosphere. Could've gone without the \"Magician\" I felt like coming down with a case of Tourette's syndrome!!  the Cosmo was interesting, weird glass! The food was awesome, shrimp boat was quite interesting, the scallops was to die for!! Desert was quite interesting. Apple Crumb pie with Ice cream, Too much to finish. DragonFly Cafe didn't BUG us at all!
Great produce, good small appliance selection and terrible customer service.   We used to shop here weekly, but have stopped in the last couple of years because of the uniformly unfriendly folks at checkout.   Unfortunately, the final impression is always the most lasting.  While the employees in produce, meats and other departments are all really great, the checkers here make shopping a very unpleasant experience
Great sandwiches.  My kids love the pizza and soda fountain with the numerous options.
it is beautiful in here. nothing like our local fry's. very large, spacious, and looks like a high end supermarket. \n\nvery warm, and cozy if that can be used to describe a supermarket. they entry is always packed with a beautiful setting of plants and seasonal items. their alcohol department is enormous!\n\ni come here for a quick pick up after work if we need a milk or bananas. if i'm lucky, they're handing out sushi and i usually eat 4 or 5 because i'm starving all the time. \n\nvery pretty store.
ARE YOU SERIOUS!!  This place is a joke.  Not only do they do a terrible job, but they try to hustle and intimidate you into buying their super expensive detail service, especially Brain.  The constant pressure up-selling I can handle, but when they consistently return your car with water streaks, dirty windows, poorly vacuumed interior (one time they completely missed the sand in my car when they \"vacuumed\"), then it's time to go somewhere else.  Save your money, and the hassles associated with this place.
These guys are great! Kelly and mark are always professional and I always refer my customers to them.  Especially for classic cars. But, they do all makes body shop repairs! Thanks guys for helping me out! See you next time my truck needs fixed.
Great service here....the crew does a great job!
Food was great!  We went back a few more times since November.  I'm very glad Al's fixed the issues that they were having and went back to very good food again.
Horrible customer service!! I called to speak with the owner and a young gentleman answered saying he was the manager. I expressed to him my concern for not having \"Fragile\" stickers for shipping. He explained that he was not responsible for those stickers and to purchase some at Staples. He said they make no money off sending packages when you prepay online. Have you ever heard of monetary value? It may cost you 2 cents to help a customer, but it keeps the customer coming back!! He then hung up on me. What a loser!!
I do enjoy the italian bread here, but there isn't enough meat, cheese or topping to enjoy it! I definitely hate to say it but subway is just on the NW corner off the 101 and Shea. Its pretty expensive and not very loaded with toppings.
I really like this place.  I was in here on Sunday afternoon, and the staff was polite and friendly.  \n\nThe food tastes SO much better than other chain sandwich shops.  \n\nI typically get the small tuna sandy with lettuce, tomato, onion, oregano and a little olive oil.  \n\nThe roll at this store is always fresh, and coming from this East Coaster, that's key.  \n\nGreat place for a great lunch.  \n\nTwo thumbs up.
Worst Breakfast Burrito for too much money.  For $9 - basically scrambled eggs and a flour tortilla.   I told them not to add ham because I read on their web site before I drove over that there was bacon.  No bacon and could not taste the cheese.   I asked for light egg and potato and was talked out of it...  \"we only put in 2 eggs\"  Well it was one too many.   The salsa was the horrible NYC type.   We are too close to the border for that. It was nice and hot though.
Really like this place.  I usually stop in a couple times a month for lunch after I hit the gym next door.  It has a really home-y feel to it.  The service is friendly and always seems happy to have my business.  The bagel sandwiches are delicious, and the bagels especially taste fresh.  Great assortment, good menu, fair prices, good service - that's why I keep coming back!
Sub par. The service, the ambiance, the menu. The best part about Zipps is the - albeit limited - selection of draft beer! If you just need a casual hang-out spot for a happy hour, this place will do just fine.
Ok sports bar, good happy Hour values.  Wings and the usual sports bar food.  Food quality is good but salad and vegetarian choices are limited, but available.  Beer by the pitcher.  Some customers get to loud and use loud foul language which the staff seems to tolerate so be aware if you take the kids.
I could go on and on about how great everything is at the McCormick Ranch Golf Club.  My daughter just got married there and it was amazing.  The day prior they had a LARGE group of guys from near and far and they had an amazing time golfing!  We had my daughters wedding and reception and it was so beautiful!  Kristina is the bomb!!!  The is a true gem!  It was all just perfect!    \n\nJacque Ast\nMother of the Bride
The course itself is a great course. But when you drop $60.00 to play it and at the second tee you have 10 people standing there waiting to tee off it is obvious that the course management has over booked the course and don't give a darn about you waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting between and during holes. We left with four holes left as it was ridiculous. Will never play there again. If I could get a refund I would. I do not recommend playing there. Oh yes we were the 5th group off after the course had been completely cleared from a shot gun start tournament. So it was clearly over booking at its best.
I only come her for Kiwanis Club of Scottsdale McCormick's weekly meeting.  Never played on-site or use any of their other facility other than the small banquet room facing the fountain area.  Overall service was good, but they do indeed need to improve their facilities.
The waiter I had at this restaurant was absolutely awful. I had a party of 10 on a slow night. For our soups and salads, he forgot my soup, but brought everyone else's. whenever there was food left on someone's plate, or if they weren't finishing a drink fast enough for him, he would very awkwardly ask if we did not like whatever it was. This would be an okay question to ask maybe once to someone at our entire table if it truly looked like something was wrong, but he asked this question to every person at least once. He was overall just very awkward and provided bad service. \nWhen the food came, I was surprised to see that the plate was very dirty. The fish did not taste fresh and made me feel sick.
My cousin and her fiance had their engagement party here on the Patio which connects to the lake and park. Never having eaten here before I don't know if I got the best impression from the pre-prepared catered food. We were served their sliders, sandwiches, fruits and veggies, and cheese and crackers. Nothing that could really make an impression! I thought the restaurant looked nice enough, but everything came off as a little bland.
This is made of cinderblock and cement. If that is your aesthetic taste, go for it.  My room flooded twice, my patio flooded, the hallway ceiling was caving in, and it took 3 days to fix it.  And to be frank, no one at the hotel seemed to care. There are too many other nice hotels and resorts in the Scottsdale area to stay at this one.
Pool is in major need of renovation! Bugs everywhere in pool too. Very filthy.
Amazing amazing place for a mommy and daddy get away here in town :) we went on the grinolda ride and our tour guide was just so wonderful. For the price of the food and the booze... I couldve made it better at home but, thats a five star get away for ya!
Maybe I've had better Chinese in the past than I realized, or perhaps I ordered the wrong things, but I can't see giving this place five stars. The egg rolls were too salty, the hot and sour soup was lacking in sour, the vegetable pork was bland.\n\nIt's quick, not over priced and not over cooked. I'm willing to try it again.
I am always pleased at Galileo's. The food is phenomenal and you can't find better service anywhere else. The owners are amazing because they really make you feel welcomed and right at home.
Home away from home. Great selection of Cigars, wrist watches and shaving products. Great place to hang out and have a smoke and watch sports on 6 large tv screens. No membership fees and you can also store you collection in the back room free of charge. Highly recommend Cigar King.
BEWARE OF OUTRAGEOUS PRICES!! First let me say that I have gone to this store for years (before FEDEX it was just a Kinkos).  They have helped me with many projects and although I've NEVER been wowed by their customer service, the finished products were always ok.  But recently I needed some blueprints duplicated in a hurry and instead of running to my normal reprographic place I came here- and can barely explain my shock at the rip off pricing!! I left in a hurry and submitted a complaint on line later that day.  Store manager called and basically said \"oh well\".  I vow to not go again and spread the word . . Save your hard earned money and use a more customer service oriented place for printing/copy needs!!
The food is freshly prepared and far lighter and more flavorful than any fast food place.  The service is pleasant and efficient, at close to fast food prices.  \n\nThe mahi mahi is so flavorful, and I love the grilled fish burrittos, especially Baja style - some of the best I've ever had!  The fish tacos are also excellent, any way you get them (I've tried many different versions, always great).
This place is comparable to Buca di Beppo.\n\nDefinitely for the masses.
Good, solid pizza place with lots of charm and great service. Really good salads too.\n\nGreat place to go for a birthday -- the warm chocolate chip cookie w/ ice cream is sinful. Loved it!
I really like this place the only real problem is the long lines and realative lack of space due to the large number of people trying to grab a slice of this goodness. Lots on the menu with many styles of pizza available and a value slice for the smaller pocket. Cold beer at the bar. Hurry up and open at the PV Mall. See you there for some italian goodness
I would go here again, but pretty much just for the pizza cookie and the cheese filled ravioli's!! We ordered the thin crust Aunt Margaritas pizza, and when it came, we didn't like it very much. The crust seemed very dry to me. So we called the waitress over, and they made us another pizza, gave us a free appetizer (the ravioli's). Woohooo for two free pizzas! The waitstaff all have cute sayings on the back of their shirts (Legalize Marinara) and we were greeted by multiple people. Our dessert was out of this world. Soft, gooey, melty, delicious humongous chocolate chip cookie with vanilla ice cream on top. My mouth is watering.
If you are looking for a great Chicago style pizza, this is the place to go! The atmosphere here is excellent and they have a decent selection of wine and beer, especially or a pizza joint. Our server was Marissa and she was excellent! We ordered the Guaca-Tony, which is basically homemade guacamole and their \"chips\", which is more like a chip pizza...it was fantastic!\n\nHighly recommended for pizza!,
It's a pretty big Walmart. Has its own deli among other things, a Wetzel's Pretzels and a McDonalds. Plus this place is open 24 hours (not the deli and McDonald's). Classic Walmart prices as well.\n\nNot a bad place for Black Friday either. Everything mainstream is partitioned in the center aisles rather than their usual locations. Helps get the chaos over with quickly.
WARNING !!!  this location is worse than any used car lot I ever visited.  Had to cancel three times before they finally stopped billing me.  Good therapists and good massage but HoRRiBLE business ethics,  DO NOT give them your credit card or checking info
My girlfriend and I went to check this place out, mind you I'm asian and she is half-irish/half-jamacian. We were given the coldest look when we came in. Ordered a large square pan, was given a 35 minute wait, and a hour later no pizza because we found out another group who ordered the same thing was given the pizza we ordered. BULLSHIT, that is some racist ass stuff. So he instead gave us a medium sized pan and refunded us the difference. In the end pizza was bland and cheaply made. Waste of time and money. Will NEVER come back!\n\nRATING: GARBAGE!
They wanted 30 dollars to hem a apron..when I told them that's too expensive they told me I can go somewhere else and gave me my apron. Don't like to give bad reviews to little shops but it was upsetting
My coworker recommended Nadya.  I was looking for a place to go that was convenient to stop by on the way home from work. I haven't had anything hemmed in years, so I'm not sure how the prices compare. I had a pant leg hemmed shut where the stitches had come out, and a new zipper added to a pair of jeans, and it was $35.  They did a great job, and when I went back to pick them up she had me cracking up! She was helping another lady while I waited who must go there often, and they were laughing and the lady thanked her a bunch and hugged her goodbye. I think she has a great friendly personality! The only thing I was a little surprised about was prepaying, I wanted to wait to make sure everything looked good first.  They said so many people forget to come back that they have to charge up front. Nonetheless both pants turned out great!
The pizza was very good.  The service was very friendly.\n\n The outdoor deck upstairs is a nice touch that makes it a more pleasant place to eat and the decor was a hit with our children.\n\nGood place to grab a pizza.
Terrible pizza. As a relatively new arizona transplant, I had been looking for a great local pizza joint. These guys charge restaurant prices for horrible rubbery SAMs club quality pizza. $30 for shit pizza. Don't waste your money.
WOW! I normally wouldn't review a gas station but this place is so bad I felt it warranted it. The angle of the lanes is absurd and it seems everyone there is pissed about something.
Up until Friday, this salon was my favorite. Unfortunately, I will not be back. I asked for the upgraded callous removal which I have successfully received in the past. My female nail tech went so far that I have raw, scabbed toes and heel...only on my right foot. Tom was my favorite tech but he was unavailable, even when I asked for him for my appointment. \n\nNice shop with pleasant staff but one tech ruined it for me.
I have been going here for years but have noticed it has been going downhill the past year. The people doing the pedicures are rough and the massages are not good at all. Recently, I had a problem with the amount I was being charged. I was quoted a price prior to the service, and they tried to charge me more when I went to pay. I asked to speak to the manager and he was very rude and did not stand behind the price his employee quoted. I won't be coming back here.
This is price based alone.  The quality of the cleaning was good but no different than a regular dry cleaners.  I had no idea I would be paying $41 to have a pair of slacks and one mans dress shirt cleaned.  Shame on me for not asking ahead of time but in no way did I think it would ever be that pricey.  These were not designer pants so I wonder why the counter girl didnt alert me and wonder why Id be paying so much these to be normally cleaned.  I would go back if I had a fancy item because they do have attention to detail but never again for my normal dy cleaning
We've been going here for my soon to be six year old son since he was two. He's been cursed with bad genetics in his teeth so we've had cleanings, fillings, kids root canal and x rays here.  Dr Ramsey and his team are caring and gentle, the wait time is very little as well. They have plenty of toys in the waiting room just in case. \n\nTo have your child sedated for dental work is scary but they are a great office and take good care of my son- I wasn't so worried!
We love Dr. Ramsey and his staff!! We found him 9 years ago when, as foster parents, we needed a dentist covered by our foster son's insurance. We loved the practice so much we transferred all of our children to his care and have been there ever since!! He is very thorough, and puts all of my children at ease. The staff is always so friendly and helpful, flexible and eager to serve! I have full confidence in Dr. Ramsey, Vicki, Gloria, and Cheri!!
They updated their menu and now have very very limited choices.  We had a group of six of us the other day.  The waitress a heavy set lady acted like we were doing her a favor by being there rather than the other way around.  She never smiled and seemed not to care.  We had to asked her numerous times for things and she even left things off menu items we ordered more than once.  The tomato bisque has cayenne pepper in it and is very spicy, tastes and has the thickness of a tomato paste rather than a soup/bisque.  The children's meals are very very small geared more for a 2-6 year old rather than a 10 yr old. The salad are very small compared to the price and only feed one person  who is not very hungry.  Like I said previously new menu with limited offerings which are not worth the price.  no longer a good option for anything except maybe pancakes.
It's sad to say that I wasn't very impressed.  While the meal my wife had, grilled chicken, was moist and very tasty, my meal, a 28 day aged New York Strip had a lot to be desired.  First it was over cooked, I ordered Medium, it came out Medium Well.  The second time it was only 2 steps past Rare.  I didn't send it back a second time due to wanting to get home and put an end to this bad experience.  The other issue I had was seasoning, as there was none, no salt, no pepper, nothing.  \n\nAlthough my food was less than desirable, the server was very pleasant.  I'm not sure I'll be back but if I do return, steak will not be on my most desired list.
I had a rock chip in my windshield.About three weeks after it happened, I stopped at Cobblestone to have it repaired so my windshield would not crack. About three times they told me that they \"guarantee their work\".\nTwo days after the did the repair, my windshield cracked, starting from where they did the 'repair\". When I went to Cobblestone, and explained the problem, ti turns out that the \"guarantee\" is that they refund your insurance company the $30 they charged for the repair! Some 'Guarantee\"!\nAdditionally, the manager approached me as I was warning another customer, and thinking he was real cute, told me to get in my car and get my drugs, then 'what have you been smoking?' How professional.\nThis is not an honest establishment, nor do they do good work.\nI would recommend hiring professionals to work on your car, not children.
The idiot oil change kid tried to charge me $79.95 for an oil change that I got at Honda for $29.95. Told me my
The price was way too high for an average car wash at $13 for the basic wash.
Terrible customer service. High prices. Careless employees inside and out. I won't be back!
Time for a review update.  I have to drop this place down 1 Star.  Why?  Because over the past few years I've visited this place it's been really inconvenient to get a car wash and gas.  \n\nThe place is always super busy because it's located near a busy intersection.  That means that the lanes are crowded and the lines can get long for the car wash.  They do a good job cleaning your car, but it's not worth the hassle when there are other car washes in the area that are more conveniently located.\n\nReturn Factor - 30%
Disgusted. TAKE EVERYTHING OUT OF YOUR CAR IF YOU GET YOUR CAR WASHED HERE. Left a ring in the ash tray of my car where i usually leave it while working out/hiking, with the cover closed ( yes, a mistake from the start ) STOLEN. Dumb enough to go back two weeks later to use the coupon booklet that i had purchased, this time all the silver change was stolen out of the ash tray and the pennies were left behind. Absolutely terrible.
I bought a groupon to try this place out.  I'm not impressed with the wait as I was told half hour and it's been over an hour.  And there were upcharges.  Surprise.....so my 35 dollar oil change and car wash turned into an extra 32 dollars.  Won't be back.  The help was nice but still not returning.
It's a \"UPS\" store.... you bring in a package... they take it... you wave goodbye to it... you leave.\n\nSometime after that a big Brown Truck arrives and wisks said package off to its destination. \n\nThis UPS Store was unremarkable... the guy behind the counter did his job... nothing more nothing less.
I blame my mother for my love for Holland Boone. So does my husband. Their pewter serving pieces are magnificent and to die for. Now that I have my own kitchen, I have started my pewter collection, as well as other goodies from their store. \n\nWhich include:\n\nHoliday decor & ornaments\nCandles\nManzanita Trees (stunning!)\nFurniture\nHome Accessories\n\nPrice Range: Moderate to Pricey \n(the larger the piece, the higher the price)
Such a fun place to give your house that \"look!\"  Your friends will be asking \"where did you get that!?!?\"\n\nThe small import business Daniel and Dominique Boone began in their garage in June of 1992 has grown into one of the country's largest warehouses of polished metalware projects direct to the public. Frames, candlesticks, serving trays, bowls, wine buckets, mirrors, and crosses, are only some of the hundreds of items that fill the warehouse. Named after their daughter, Holland, Holland Boone Home is not just known for metalware anymore. The thirteen thousand square foot show room also houses gorgeous one-of-a-kind furniture, Italian pottery, wall hangings and clocks, Mexican glass, seasonal decorations, and much, much more. Add style and color to any room in your house. With new shipments arriving weekly, there are always interesting new pieces to discover at Holland Boone Home.
OK, it's Subway so you get the general idea of the place.\n\nI am a fan of this particular location for a couple of reasons:\n\n1.  Parking - there is lots of it as it's next to a Bashas supermarket\n\n2. Lunch Prep - they always have around 5 sandwich artists at this location at lunch.  They draw a brisk lunch crowd but move through it quickly\n\n\n3, Ingredients - Their sandwich toppings are always fresh - never looked like they had sat out too long like some other places.\n\nThat's it!
I have never stayed at a Towmplace Suites before and since the week I stayed in Tempe was Spring Break it was a tad bit difficult to book a hotel room.  This was the only hotel that had a room available even with my Marriott status.  It is a smaller version of the Residence Inn with a small kitchen.  I am not complaining at all, the front desk person was the most helpful though giving me directions to the nearest Whole Foods market etc. and because of my Platinum status with Marriott she gave me free items in the Marketplace, much appreciated.  So. with that said, it is a good option if you are a business traveler and if you are traveling to a busy city with limited hotel rooms available.
Love this store!  Offers just enough variety of healthy options without putting you into sensory overload like Whole Foods does.  They have a small selection of \"quick\" foods such as sandwiches, soups, pre-packaged salads and sushi.  I do wish they had more selection for lunch during the work week.  Prices are very competitive, the produce is hands down the best quality and price!  The bulk items are very handy!\nParking can be an issue at this location right around 6pm-ish during the week.\n\nDon't forget to bring your own bags, they give you a $.05 credit!
I was in the store for over 20 min with my 3 year old and asked if my small box of toys was ready. An employee asked the owner Lisa who was chatting with friends about her vacation plans to please finish my box, she threw everything back in my box but one item and never made eye contact while handing me my money.  So rude, will never go back!
Evan's awesome. Great at figure skates, fitting, mounting, etc. My daughter LOVES him AND her new skates!
I've had my hair cut by Scott 4 times now and he does a great job, I've never had anyone ask me where I've gotten my haircut before, but now they do. He recommended a scissor over comb( or comb over scissor?)\nCut, no quickie buzz cut. I've recommend some female coworkers and they drive all the way from chandler for him to do their hair. I've never had anyone give me suggestions about how I should wear my hair or ways to minimize that growing BALD spot but he does. Every time I walk out of there I feel better about the way i look and my shirt isn't soaked, he does this head massage when they wash your hair that is just great, and I cant tell you how long it's been since the owner of a business has come over and introduced themselves and asked if I wanted a drink or coffee from Starbucks. I look forward to getting my haircut now!
Some of the best margaritas in town (or that I've had), and the food is quite good - tex-mex style, in my opinion (as opposed to California-style Mexican). I liked the carnitas, and I've also had the combination plate: beef tamale, enchilada & taco. And both salsas are delicious!
Went here for a quick dinner. Food was just average, not too special and not as good as I would expect in the Mexican restaurant. I had an impression that we were a bit neglected by the waiter and waitress, maybe because we had a small order and didn't feel like drinking tons of alcohol, not sure. Salsa was good, but I need a bit more to Mexican restaurant than a good salsa.
I will never buy tires there again!\n\nEvery time I go in there they try to sell me 4 new tires! WTF! I just bought 4 tires at Christmas. Took them in to get rotated and the guy says \"we'll take a look at them\". I said, \"I just want them rotated, they are 5 months old\". He comes back and says they are not looking very good. Are you kidding me???\n\nNever again will I go there, nor will I ever refer them. I'm done!
Seems a little small and cramped.  Location is ok, prices cheap.  Salesmen have a weird vibe- you can tell they have so many ulterior motives than to actually provide real customer service.
Love Kohl's, have been there twice in the last month, they keep sending me coupons through the mail, $10.00, coupons, I can purchase a blouse that is regular price of $38.00, on Sale for $14.99, and only have to pay a little over $6.00, using my coupon, they always have Great Sales ! And it is right up the street !
Used my @BoldBajaFresh @Groupon for lunch today.\n\nI've always been a fan a Baja Fresh, and ate there quite often in CA.\n\nThe distance to the closest one here in AZ is excessive for regular visits.\n\nI don't really know that they are worth reviewing, per se, but I wanted to relate my experience today at this particular location.\n\nThe chips we were given seemed stale to both my g/f and I. The manager took my old chips, and grabbed a new bag to hand me.\nRather than proceed with that action, he also discarded them, and informed me he would make up a new batch, and deliver a double order to our table.\n\nThey came out hot and fresh, and delicious!\n\nIt was a nice display of customer service, an increasingly rare trait these days.\n\nThanks!
Decent and cheap haircut with friendly stylists. They cut me a little shorter than I would have liked but pretty good for $14.
I saw good review on yalp so I visited Dr. Dachs.\nInstead of crown he filled my tooth. The pain last. I visited doctor again  and he took x-ray.he said it look fine but it was the big filling so I may feel pain foe a while to recover.\nAfter 6 month I was in pain ,3rd visit to Dr.Dachs.\nHe took x-ray and it was fine.He asked me use SENSODYNE.\n\nWell ,Dr. Dachs I' went to different dentist.\nYou've missed crack on my tooth.\nI have to get root canal and new crown.\n\nNo wonder SENSODYNE won't work.\n\nIf you dentist can not fix tooth pain and ask you to use Sensodyne.\nDO NOT TRUST YOUR DENTIST.\n\n.
Rude front desk clerk, Jack. Sounded annoyed when I called to complain about the room next door and their howling dog for the 2nd night in a row. Lame breakfast bar and the advertisement for a kitchen in the room is actually a tiny little door that has a mini microwave and mini refrigerator. No stove. Wouldn't stay here again even for free.
This used to be my favorite Chipotle but over the past two years the food quality has gone down hill. The chicken is consistently burnt and sometimes the mild salsa is tasteless, on the other hand the staff is always friendly. If your hungry for Chipotle drive the extra 5 minutes to 92nd street and Shea and you won't be disappointed.
I am not as big a fan of this place as some of the other rook your burrito chains but this particular location has the fattiest chicken and on 2 occasions the food here has made me sick.
Slowest chipotle I have ever been to. Watching people leave after standing in line so long. It's like this every time I come. Today thought if would not be bad ad there were only about 5 people ahead of me but it'd still forever.
Never really had a problem with this chipotle But had a terrible experience today. Employees were super rude from start to finish. Awful customer service. The lady at the end started rolling my burrito before I was even finished ordering. Never asked if I wanted anything else. Brought it home and right as I began to eat I noticed a decent sized black line on my tortilla - sharpie. Avoided the entire middle of my burrito. Sharpie isn't toxic but it's still not good to ingest. Disappointing because this chipotle is very close to my house. But it isn't much farther to go to 90th and Shea. I will not be returning to this location.
I have to say that I love the burgers at Red Robin.  They have a great selection and come with unlimited fries.  I like the burgers so much that I never tried anything else, however, my wife loves the whiskey river barbecue chicken wrap.  They also have a lettuce wrap burger that my wife gets sometimes to keep carbs down.\n\nThe service is a little hit or miss.  It is usually pretty good, but not great.  This is especially true if you get seated in the bar area in my experience.\n\nRed Robin is one of our regular places to go because of the reasonable prices and great burgers.  BEWARE - Tuesday night is kids night!
Was very disappointed with the food, the hamburger was small and not so hot.  Cooked well but not flavorful, the fries were cold and soggy,  The only redeeming quality about the meal was the service was friendly and attentive, A little expensive for a hamburger,
I have taken my 2012 Toyota Tacoma here twice for a oil change, both times I have been totally disappointed with the service ..... Not only do they try to sell you every service they can they wash your windows ( which look like they used muddy water ) leave greasy handprints on fenders and doors and last but not least when they put my cabin air filter back in they did not take the time to replace the glove box shock causing it to fall all the way down when opened ......
'Yay! I'm a fan' is right. This is one of my favorite Starbucks -- I missed it this weekend during their renovations. The service is great, the drinks are accurate and everyone generally seems pretty happy to be there. \n\nOnly complaint: Please carry more of the chocolate croissants. Thank you.
I've been coming to see Jen Botto for about a year now and she is just fantastic, she does my cuts and my highlights. She is the most efficient stylist when it come to highlights. I would recommend her to anyone, especially if you are looking for a modern or up-to-date haircut. She's always able to give me exactly what I want, and I can be pretty picky some times.
The service at Sushi Ko was terrible.  Our waitress was rude.  I think we were inconveniencing her by needing things like tea or plates or sushi...  We tried to get her attention, then we tried to get anyone's attention to bring us plates and little bowls for our soy sauce.  We eventually retrieved our own plates.  When we asked about the bowls for soy sauce, we were told they \"were out\", even though we could see a little stack of them in the restaurant.\n\nThe sushi itself was acceptable, if forgettable.  We had a rainbow roll, spicy something or other, and tuna sashimi. The rolls were a little loose and hard to eat.  \n\nI won't be eating there again unless they make some staffing changes.
I am a big fan of Chipotle... nothing new there. The only reason I ever hesitate to eat here (especially, this location) is because it is so damn busy... However, today, for the first time I used their fax order form- Totally awesome. I faxed it in, I called to confirm, I got there, the lady asked my name, handed me my bag, I paid and I left. I almost wanted to tease the suckers still in line. \n\nThis is officially now the ONLY way I will order Chipotle. Score one for me and my time!!!
I cannot say enough great things about Copyfast!  When it comes to award winning service and product production - they are at the top of my list.  It is nice to know that family-oriented, specialized copy centers still exist!  I had the opportunity to meet the owners one day, although at that time - I did not know that they owned Copy Fast.  After a brief chat with them - I can see why their copy center is the best in town.  I knew I loved this place before, but now after meeting them and hearing about the passion they have for their store, their customers and their employees - I am even more thrilled that I have this place to go to for all my copy needs!
I don't think this place is as great as they say it is.  It's pretty dirty.  Teachers don't pay that close attention.  Our child went here because everyone we knew had their kids here as it was some what reasonable but since being here, we've found so much better.  It's certainly not worth 4+ stars.
This review is solely based on takeout. WINNING takeout! We got a deluxe pan pizza minus black olives and a side of their famous dressing. Both were home runs! I have to buy a bottle or two of that dressing next time. And maybe even try it on a salad!
High marks for the tasty pizza, but beware the build your own option!  We ordered a 14\" thin crust with chicken, roasted red bell pepper, mushrooms, and feta, and the bill came out to $27.50!  I ordered from their online menu, which did not list the price of these ingredients. If I knew it would be that expensive, I would not have ordered it. I spoke with the manager who apologized for those prices not being listed on website, but stopped short of doing anything to make it right, apparently unconcerned about losing a 17 year customer. We like their pizza but there are other excellent, less pricy options we'll choose next time.
Horrible service. Its sad to say this but when you are going there to watch a football game and you cant even get a refill on your drink because your waitress has gone and disappeared and doesnt return to check on you. I waited and hour for me to get a drink. I waited 45 minutes just to get the check. She aslo said that when she came back with the check she would give us raffle tickets to put in....Never came back with those tickets. I think this girl should be fired i was upset to the point were i got up and walked out. She didnt deserve a tip but i gave her one. Her name is Angela. I was there on the night of the super bowl game. I will be back to that restaurant no doubt but I cant believe that someone would hire someone like that. Horrible service.
Excellent customer service.  Great food.  Accept reservations.  Live music.  I don't have a single complaint.  I wish there were more like K O'Donnell's. Made reservation for 12.  9 showed up. We felt terrible.  Wait staff was beyond kind and we tipped them generously.  We'll return. Great experience.
If you like your food spicy, you will like Arriba!  I know it is a chain, but it is a local chain, and they are very consistent!  They have the best spinach enchiladas around....they are amazing!  I also love that they give you bean dip and two different kinds of salsas with your chips.\n\nThe menu has pictures of everything, which makes it very hard to choose, but I usually stick to a few of my favorites.  They also have really good lunch deals like Taco Tuesday (99 cent tacos) and Chicken Chimichanga Thursdays (just $1.99).  The food is always hot and fresh, and they have good beans...which is always a benchmark for me!
We are huge fans of this place. But I think the one on Camelback is the best location. \n\nLast time we ate here the service was terrible and you could tell it was completely understaffed for a Sunday morning. My wife ordered a bloody Mary that was horrible and didn't have more than two sips. And on top of it all of our orders came out wrong.\n\nLastly, you could tell the staff was working their butts off and the manager on duty was standing around watching. In fact I saw someone dropped a fork on the floor and he stepped over it 4xs until the lady in a clown suit entertaining kids picked it up.\n\nSo for the price and what we got it was a waste of time and money!
Arriba's was not as good as they used to be, apparently the original owner passed away and its under new ownership. Won't be coming back here again.
I recently went there for lunch.  I was seated promptly, then forgotten about for a solid five minutes while other around me where taken care of by their servers.  They were seated after me.  When my server arrived I informed her that I felt forgotten.  Instead of apologizing, she blamed a large group as the cause of my delay.   Wrong.  It shows a systematic problem with their service training.  I will not be going back to this Chilis.
I'm not a fan.  Pretty average burrito.
Better than average fresh-Mex food.\n\nI like their chips and salsa bar, but none of their salsas are phenomenal, just mediocre.  Their food is kinda bland and lacks flavor and their plates are a little on the small side..... not enough beans / rice.  Their prices are decent.  If you're thinking Chipotle or Rubio's or some crap like that, you'd be better off here, but that's not saying much.
They have the best lunch specials here. For like six bucks you get a huge slice of pizza, huge side salad, and a drink. I think I am little overly enthused about this place because it was right next to my apartment in Flagstaff, but I really do think they have good pizza. My favorite pizza here is Fire in the Hole with garlic crust. You can also find a great variety of vegetarian pizza options as well as pizzas with alfredo sauce instead of marinara. \n\nNice restaurant for a date.\nCrazy Salads and Pizzas.
Biggest rip off ever!! I had gotten an estimate from them to do a brake service and replacement on my vehicle and after my jaw dropped from the extravagant price they called me to reduce the original estimate they had given me by three thousand dollars!!!! Do they think I am an idiot!!! I will never do and business with this dealership. I will surely not ever buy an overpriced car from them either.
I've been for lunch half a dozen times and usually sit at the bar.  Their beers are great.  I'm a home brewer and am pretty discerning in my beer tastes.  Their HopKnot IPA has a huge nose of hops if you are a hop lover--which I am.  However the 8th Street Pale is probably my favorite.  It is a great balanced English style pale ale--without the bitter edge of an American pale ale like SN.  On a hot day their Kolsch is super refreshing and reminds me of being in Germany.  I've had mostly burgers and fries there and they are good.  The atmosphere is casual and the staff is friendly and attentive.  If you are a craft beer lover it is a nice laid back destination to enjoy a brew...or two.  They also pour growlers and sell cans of Kolsch and Kiltlifter in 12 packs.
My wife and I stopped by last weekend to watch football and sample a couple of their brews.  The food was great could be some of the best french fries I've ever had.  The beer was good.  Noticed almost everyone drinking the house beers so it was nice to see that kind of support for an established micro brew.  There was a large crowd for football many folks wearing jerseys and everyone really getting into their game.  If your looking for an energetic place to watch football and grab a good bite this would be a place to consider.\n\nUPDATED 04/05/2012 lowered to 3 stars.\n\nI have been here a couple times since my first review and it really is just an average place.  The fries are the highlight.  The place is small, loud and well your AVERAGE pub or brewery.
Love this place it's the perfect neighborhood bar. Great craft brews, my favorite is the hefeweizen but there seasonal beers are also top notch. Food is great as well, I usually snack on appetizers like the spinach artichoke dip and spanakopita and they are always great. I have had entrees a couple times and they are also good. Service is top notch and friendly would always recommend for food or drink!!
This place is always consistently good.  They obviously have a great beer selection on tap, but the food is also very good.  The jalapeno popper burger is awesome and something I've never seen anywhere else.  Service is always friendly and efficient.\n\nAnd of course, you can get six-packs to go.
If you get the 1/2 size Nacos it is the perfect amount. Not the best place drinks wise if you are not a beer person... then again it is a brewery. I am just unable to drink beer due to allergies. So some more drink specials would be appreciated.
Decent spot, about what you would expect from a brew-pub.  This was my first time trying Four Peaks beers and I thought they were ok.  The food was your typical pub far, but much better quality.  The hummus stood out.  Would definitely return if in the area.
Hands down the blackened chicken nachos are the world's best nachos! I have had nachos at literally hundreds of places and have never had better..fresh salsa, real cheese, fresh jalapenos, great blackened chicken, multi colored chips..no microwave  and generous portion...The best!
They microwave the eggs and meat and didn't have any bagels at left at 9am.  Won't be returning, though the service was ok.
We went in again and this time on what I have to consider one of their busiest times, Sunday mid morning for brunch. The service was fast and flawless!\n\nWildflower and Louis you convinced me! 5 stars!
If you believe bread makes a great sandwich, you will want to check out this place. I had the sausage and egg sandwich on 9 grain toasted. You could taste the fresh ingredients that all worked together beautifully. I will be back.
I love Wildflower and frequently visit. My favorite thing on the menu is the seasonal Tuscan Kale salad! \n\nThis location gets very busy for lunch so I call ahead and my food is always ready for me when I arrive.
Everyone here is wonderful.  Make no mistake this is no nationwide vision or Lenscrafters.  The doctors hear are very knowledgeable and down to earth.  I drive 45 minutes to go here.
You would think this place is actually in Mexico given how long I had been meaning to try it.  I can only say, I should have gone sooner.  Really good Mexican food-not the touristy crap or the Scottsdaled up version.  I tried the green chile and loved it.   Decor is nothing to write home about, but not a complete dive either.  Service was excellent.\n\nI actually didn't find it all that cheap considering it's basic Mexican food, but I guess it's cheap for Scottsdale.  Dinners run about $12 on average.  Lunch about $7.  They also have breakfast.  On the bad side, they apparently have a lunch buffet.  God only knows how big my ass will get knowing that tidbit of information.  Five dollar a gallon gas may actually be a good thing.
Came here because Oregano's was packed on a Saturday night.  I wonder how many of their customers are in the same boat.  I was initially craving Mexican food anyway, so I didn't care.  \n\nThe service is awesome, the beer was so cold it was almost icy (read: awesome) and the salsa is yummy yummy.  I ordered the specialty chimichanga and my mom got rolled tacos.  The plates were hu-hu-hu-huge.  And can I just say that cream cheese makes everything better, especially chimichangas.  YUM.  \n\nNot the best Mexican joint I have ever been to, but definitely decent enough to visit again (for the locals).
Exellant food! Inexpensive lunch buffet ( like 8.95). Friendly staff. Best beans and rice anywhere! Not much more to ask for. Food portions are inconsistant, I think it depends on who's cooking.
So the waiter brought a me cheese enchilada and chicken taco even though I ordered a beef enchilada and chicken taco I informed him of this and he looked at me in the face and asked me if I wanted a side of beef.  I will not be back
This place is really not too shabby! I almost feel bad only giving 3 stars, but it's nothing to write home about. It's just terribly convenient, given that I work next door.\n\nThe staff is friendly. They've got ginormous breakfast croissants. They have spicy ramen noodles which are actually very tasty, and they actually manage to make them a bit spicy! Bundle that all up and add a bow of very decent prices, and I call this place a win. I've been finding myself there a good few times recently. Matter of fact, just yesterday I had both lunch and breakfast over there!
I contacted the Closet Factory last Monday to arrange for a new master closet design. I spoke to the owner, Abby.  She indicated she would have a designer contact me.  By Sunday with no contact, I left a message which prompted a call back from Abby today.  She informed me that it would take another week for a designer to get back to me, that they are scheduling installs the week prior to my completion date which means if I wait another week for a call then I couldn't make my completion, and if I want any hard wood it would take 5 to 6 weeks.  I asked if my only option was to wait for the one designer who has my \"territory\" and she said yes.  I guess she must be doing very well to turn away business.
Came here to watch the special screening of Phoenix lights, but the tickets sold out! Ended up watching 300, rise of the empire and the theater it was playing in was just so small! The sound was really good. Theater 11 was the theater the movie was in. It kind of reminded me of a small classroom in college with a power point presentation at the front of the room, haha. The staff was friendly though and it was a very clean theater, with the heavenly smell of freshly popped popcorn permeating throughout the theater
One of the best public courses in North Scottsdale. It very family friendly and they are used to having young junior golfers on the course. I find the course to be in very good condition whenever we are there. The staff in the pro shop are always pleasant and helpful. The snack bar could be better. It has a very limited selection and it is a little hidden. I doubt most golfers even know that there is one there. Usually we end up going to the restaurant instead, which is great, but does not have a very good kids menu. It would be nice if they had a more elaborate selection at the snack bar for quick and cheap grab and go food.
Forget the tablecloth-and-white-glove joints. I walked in and could not believe the selection on the menu, but was even more impressed with the healthy options available. I had an omelet and wheat toast, and the portion was enough to carry me from 9am to 3pm - and I'm not a small guy.
If you are looking for a nice, stressfree getaway, I warn you not to stay at the Four Seasons Scottdale. The hospitality, communication skills (or lack their of) are by far the worst I've experienced in all of my travels. As I will get into details once I've checked into my next destination, i warn you at all costs not to stay at this hotel. It is by far the worst (what they call) luxury hotel experience.
Since we received a canned response here on Yelp, we contacted corporate who were appalled at the situation and lack of follow-up by the management in Scottsdale. They apologized profusely and were deeply disgusted about the chimneys being lit on patios, especially around young children. They offered a partial refund,
Love scottsdale quarter and this store by far has the best semi annual sale selection. Organized, clean and I got wall flowers for $2 refills what a huge reflection will be back! A great asset to the shopping center!
Very friendly staff. Store smells awesome. Wife loves it. Do I need to say more?
We have used Target Optical on and off over the years depending upon our insurance coverage. In the beginning, I was very skeptical about using a eye doctor in a clothing/food retailer but in the end they won me over with their service and prices. Nice job!
I guess you have to try it at least once to say you did.\n\nWe had the sweetest lady for our server, so the service was excellent.\n\nThe food was your typical cowboy fare...not bad, not great.  \n\nThe entertainment was heee-larious.  I felt like I should've worn a ten-gallon hat.\n\nIt's tourist-y, for sure :o)
Hadn't been here in years!  The views are fabulous and the band was great.  Beer was cold, food was really over priced!  Lower your prices and improve the service, please.
They took my favorite items off their menu but the food is still good. We sat on the patio where many birds picked food off plates. I found it interesting to watch but others found it unnerving having birds dive bomb you while you eat. The staff definitely needs to be instructed to remove plates more quickly. The birds swarm a table when people leave.
We have been eating at Sesame Inn since we moved here six months ago.  We do not eat meat and are so happy with the tofu offerings.  We particularly like the Spicy Thai Basil Tofu.  Hearty, spicy, vegetables that are al dente and the tofu is cooked just right.  The service is always excellent. Food is always hot off the stove and consistent in its preparation.  We are \"regulars\" now.
I really like this grocery store. The produce is usually fresh and they usually have everything I need in stock. \n\nIt's a no thrills grocery store...meaning there's no starbucks inside...no bar...no gelato...no sushi...it's just groceries. There is a Chase bank, which is kinda hidden. I like the fact that there aren't any thrills because I think it keeps their prices low. Also, if you spend $100, you get 10 cents off per gallon at participating Shell and Circle K stations.
I live nearby and really like this place. They make their bagels fresh every morning and they make their own cream cheese. I like my everything bagel with the nova cream cheese. Yummy!  They get busy on the weekends very early and once they're out of something, they're out. They always have a lot of everything but I've been there later in the morning on a Saturday and they were out of a certain kind of bagel.  Sooooo good!!!
I don't know how this place is busy.. Every time I go its day old bagels at best last time I had about 2 bits and trashed the rest of it.. I also tried the breakfast sand.. it was interesting to say least bagel was hard had about a bite of it then trashed it. I deffently dont plan on coming back. Service is friendly thats why I am giving 2 stars and a stretch however food is lacking.
The food here is definitely subpar.  I ordered a hard shell shredded chicken taco, and it was unappealing.  It had no flavor, and the shells were soggy.  The chicken was flavored with salsa, but it tasted like it was flavored with some cheap tomato sauce. The rice and beans were unremarkable as well.  The only good thing about the meal were the chips.\n   Unbelievable to me how the Phoenix area is lacking in decent Mexican restaurants.  With such a large Hispanic population, I would think there would be a better selection.
Since it was COLD on Friday, my wife and I decided to go to Chen's for lunch. I don't know why we didn't think of Pei Wei but this restaurant is much closer to our house. \nMy wife ordered the Chicken Rice Bowl and I ordered the Chicken with Rice Noodles off the Lunch menu. It came with egg flower soup which was nice an hot. When my meal came, I can't figure out why they would give me fried rice with noodles...double the starch. I really enjoyed it. The egg roll was made with just vegetables...so, so. But I didn't like the fried Won Ton which was crispy on the outside but REALLY dry on the inside. Can't complain for two hot meals under $10.
I don't write reviews, but I had to so that people would know this place is NOT a 4 star worthy Chinese restaurant.
Came here after playing some disc golf...This place has the best calzones!!!  Their pizza is good also, but gotta go for the calzones!  You really get your monies worth for $8.  Their draft rootbeer is good, but you could taste a bit of a beer aftertaste.  Love the scenery with outdoor seating...looking at the fountain and green landscaping is so relaxing!
I came here on a Friday night around 7:30pm, wasn't too crowded. I ordered the clam linguine and it was delicious, not to mention the generous number of clams in the dish. The white wine sauce was light, yet flavorful. Portion was definitely plentiful, I even had enough for 2 small meals the following day! \n\nService was fantastic. The waitress came by enough to be attentive, but not hovering. It's so rare to see service with a smile and pure genuineness in light conversation. \n\n Prices were fair. Parking is plentiful. Next time I'm around the area, I'll surely stop by!
nice outdoor seating.  tasty sangria.  nice service although the bartender decided to have a discussion with someone when we were ready to settle up and move to a table.  Had the chicken alfredo.  Sauce was very nice but the chicken was so so.  The wife had spagetti and meatballs which was good too.  Worth the visit.  Your kids can play on the grass or playground while you wait for food etc.
The majority of reviews pan this simple, Italian restaurant.  While they definitely could use some training in how to cook pasta al dente, there is some great construction of dishes and flavors going on.  PLEASE serve warm bread and olive oil!!   The veal was cooked well, the meatballs dense and flavorful. The tiramisu was one of the best I have ever eaten! The service was sweet and personal. Still guys, overcooked pasta will leave most patrons not wanting to return even if the sauce on top is tasty
Good on the usual suspects but other than that don't get too crazy on the others.    Service not good
My daughter and I ate sushi there last Friday night and came down with a terrible case of salmonella food poisoning!!!  This place needs to close ASAP!!!\n\nYOU risk your life if you EAT THERE!!!  BEWARE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We just finished a kitchen cabinet remodel and couldn't be more happy. Working with David and his sub contractors couldn't have gone any smoother.  Whenever David said he would be at our home he was there right on time as were the other sub contractors. All calls were returned promptly. These are things you would expect but usually don't occur. ...as to the job David ideas and attention to detail  and execution were terrific. Additionally the remodel was fairly priced and completed on time. Our kitchen look fantastic and we would definitely recommend his company.\n\nPete and Jane Gruber
Will never go to this place again.  Gross is an understatement.  Had to send my dish back as it made McDonalds look good.  Strange atmosphere.  Don't reallyfeel like going on about this place as it sucked.  Just don't go.
Couple days ago I visited a Streets of New York. My friend was driving and we were drinking so I may be confused, but I am pretty sure this is the one.  We had a tiny server named Carly?  Is this the right one?  Anyways, it was a big mistake.  My server looked like she may have been seventeen --while wearing makeup--and she acted even younger.  The personality that she wore at our table seemed to quickly dissolve when she exchanged words with members of the staff and I overheard countless inappropriate remarks made by her.  In addition to the unprofessional nature of our server, our food (which was mediocre) was apparently messed up by the kitchen (=server error), the tables were sticky and disgusting, and I walked out less satisfied than when I walked in.  \ntwo enthusiatic thumbs down
Out this Sunday morning doing a bit of GeoCaching, we decided breakfast was in order so where to go? I-Hop or Denny's ... Ok we decided on local so off to Denny's. Walked in, the place was about half full, greeted right away and seated. Coffee & water came out promptly, placed our order and our food arrived hot within about 5min. Service was great & food was good ...\n\nService: 4 star, our waitress was great, fast & friendly\nAmbiance: 2 stars, casual setting, a bit dated\nCleanliness:  3 stars, appeared clean although lots of water spots on the glasses\nFood: 3 star, food came out hot and well prepared\nPrice: 3 star, fair price's, my wife had a BYO Grand Slam for $6.59 and I had an All American Slam for $8.89
I happened to visit Manuel's yesterday for some lunch with some friends. I had never gone before, but thought I would give it a try.  Here's a very quick assessment of the place:\n\natmosphere: very 70s/80s - clearly the place has been here a while.\nservice: fair. nothing stellar, but not terrible either.\nfood: also fair, not great but not bad.\nprice: perhaps a bit overpriced for the quality, but not by much.\noverall experience: ok.
Poor customer service. When I asked if they were able to check stock at another near location for a product they were out of, the lady threw up her hands and asked me if I knew where the next closest location was and simply told me \"I don't know\". She then told me if I waited she MIGHT be able to look it up. So I waited and finally just left when i realized she had no intention of returning to help me as she decided to help another customer. It seemed to me that having 3 customers in the store was too much to handle for 2 employees.... Being that I just relocated from out of state, I've quickly learned this is not a place ill be returning to, regardless of its proximity to my house. I drove to the Mesa location and received 5 star customer service.
Agree with earlier review from Greg except service was worse than poor and entree was hot, but sides were cold; obviously sat on plate waiting for entree. Restrooms are located in the hotel lobby, nowhere near restaurant; needed a tour guide to get there! Terrible experience!
Not as fancy as the newer stadiums that have been built, but I come here to watch baseball not to be seen.\n\nThe Angels play here, so I'm a little biased and would love this place no matter what. I just love chillin out on the lawn with a pint of Mirror Pond and watching the minor league players try to prove themselves with a few All-Stars sprinkled in.\n\nThe atmosphere is great as Angels fans are awesome and show much love and class for the team.\n\nNote...park in the industrial lot across the way if you don't want to wait for hours to pay $5 and park a block closer.
Let me start off by saying...I looooooove a good pastrami sandwich.  So when a friend suggested of mine said he was going to make a lunch run down there, I checked out their menu and right away told him to bring me back a pastrami.  I must say...I made a excellent choice.  The sandwich was very good.  Plenty of pastrami and cheese.  The pickle spear was a unexpected and pleasant surprise.   So in closing, this review is completely based on just the sandwich, I haven't been inside the shop yet...but when I do get there...I'll update.
My friend lives right around the corner and after a little shopping we decided to stop in and grab some food. She ordered a turkey wrap and I got the turkey bacon melt. Both were made when we ordered it and were ready in about 3 minutes. Mine was perfectly hot and the flavor was excellent. Gotta show support for local business!!
It's what i've come to expect from WF, although this store felt a little cluttered. I hit up the salad bar which was varied, but not as extensive as other WF's. The cheese section was not very impressive. I may checkout the one in Chandler.
Juice bar does not wash the produce. I asked why and they said since its organic we don't wash it.. Be careful or insist that they wash the produce.. This is a health hazard and extremely dangerous for the elderly and children.
I purchased a Groupon Coupon, called and made an appointment.  When I showed up, they did not have me in their appointment book.  I had a short wait until a stylist was ready for me.  I don't know if she was a meth addict, or had the DT's or Parkinsons.  Her hands shook terribly!  She was rough on my head, tossing it around while she washed my hair.  The  head massage lasted about 15 seconds.  She did not explain to me the French Hair Cutting technique so I thought she was really wacky when she asked me to stand during the cut.  The cut ended up to be fine, but the experience was not very good.  I still have a coupon to use so I will have another hair cut and a facial.  Hope the next experience is better.
So I decided to order food from them for lunch for myself and a coworker. The ordering was easy enough and I was told it would be here by 1215 ordered at 1140am... I though sure not a problem... It got here at 1230... After I called to ask what was taking so long. No apologies or nothing... If you say your going to be here at a specific time show up promptly! It's my lunch hour! It was shortened thanks to you and your employees who don't give a damn. 23 bucks for 2 half sandwiches and small salads after tip.. Shoulda ordered something good for this price. I got the turkey sandwich  and it was rather forgettable. I don't think I will be ordering from this establishment again. Shoulda just got in n out.
Try the lunch bagels!  The Northern exposure and Tempe turkey are excellent.  The chicken salad is really good too.  They aren't real expensive and the service is pretty good.  They also have outdoor seating.  They are new and as far as I can tell not a chain.  I recommend you try them.  Oh a dozen bagels are half priced after 2pm.
Amazing choices. Friendly staff.
i am revising my review of back east and embarrassed to be duchess of this place. i first loved this place because of their vanilla half and half. that was until one day, when coming near closing time, i realized it was fat free vanilla coffeemate! their service continues to go downhill- how many times to i need to get attitude from someone before i decide that einstein's is actually better?  last time we went, they were out of ice and soda, yet my friend was sold a cold cup with no argument. we have changed our weekly bagel brekkie to bagel nosh- i'd rather drive to awahtukee and have someone be happy i'm dining at their restaurant and have decent sandwiches-other than the veggie sandwich, back east fails miserably,imo. i hope someone that works here and/or management reads this and realizes that they pretty much just lost 3 of their best customers..
These bagels are an absolute joke. Not sure what part of the east Coast this shop is from, but it's not NY. Walking in, most of the bins were pretty empty at 10am, but these are fool's bagels. They are the size of a bottlecap and the hole in the middle is triple the size of any real NY bagel. Must be students buying these imposters because one look at these bagels was all I needed as I quickly escaped this \"bagel\" shop and headed for the hills. Embarrasing to have east coast on the marquee - I'm glad it doesn't say NY bagels at least.
Who cares if its a chain?  As far as bang for your buck is concerned, Outback has always been good in my book.  It was a packed house when we got there, so we sat at the bar and Paige was our bartender and she was great.  She helped us get the table we wanted quickly and was very friendly.  Blake was our server and he was great as well.  Food was all very tasty.  Had bloomin onion, filet with wild mushroom sauce, and prime rib.  While the prime rib was a little tough in some places, it was still very good overall.  Good prices, good food.
This place isn't classy and has a Ross in it for crying out loud!! But...I am en love with Fredrick's of Hollywood!!! You won't find a Nordstrom in this mall.
It's ok. Prices or not cheaper than regular prices.
An indoor mall that has it all! This is an air conditioned outlet mall filled with hundreds of shops and plenty for the kids to do. It is a mall you can spend all day at because there is so much going on. Let me start off by telling the ladies you must wear comfortable shoes because this mall is made for us. There are some bargains in each and every store. I use this mall as part of my  workout regimen because I get so many steps in one day. For the men don't feel left out there is plenty for you to see and do as well. I have found some great men stores along with athletic stores like Sports Authority. Now for young ones there is an Arcade, IMAX Theatre, Aquarium, Rain Forest Cafe, dozens of dining places  and so much more. Wonderful place to tke the family.
Not the greatest mall in the valley, but also not the worst! Decent selection of outlet stores and an ok food court. They recently added an aquarium which I think will add to the appeal. It's a shame that they closed Gameworks.
There are a lot of good stores and deals here but I don't like to come here during peak hours.  This seems to be where all the teens and sketchy people hang out. It also gets very crowded as well.  Come in the mornings during the week if you can.\n\nPro: Good stores and deals\nCon: Sketchy shoppers
Rivas is your typical authentic style mexican food eatery, although in comparison to the other local restaurants in its same category (Filiberto's, Nico's, Texano's) I believe it is head of its class. Rivas has a super burrito, which is more like the american idea of a burrito(Chipotle style) of putting everything, including rice and beans, inside the burrito. The one area it lacks in is the Pico De Gallo, it seems to repeatedly have too much onion and cilantro in it.  Aside from that I'm a fan of Rivas and the fact that its open 24 hours makes it always a great option!
I have never been able to complain about anything I've ordered from here. Sometimes the dudes confused 'fries' with 'rice', but it's not like I especially NEED french fries. Prices are reasonable. They have a drive through.\n\nOne day I bought an Adobada burrito from Rivas and I swear to God it was THE BEST burrito I have ever had in my life. The pork was perfectly seasoned / perfect temperature and the tortilla was just perfect. Ugh. So good. Carne Asada is always great at Rivas. If you're into Carne Asada fries get them here.\n\nThe chile relleno isn't the best I've ever had, but definitely the best in comparison to small taco shops like Los Favoritos or Filibertos.
I had a terrible experience at this place.  I went through the drive-thru after a long day of moving.  I think it was about 1am when I ordered.  I ordered two crunchy ground beef tacos and a grilled chicken quesadilla.  The beef in the tacos were burnt and it was the worst taco I have ever eaten.  A complete waste of money.  The quesadilla wasn't much better.\n\nI would not recommend this place to anyone.  The ingredients weren't fresh and the food wasn't cooked properly.
Riva's has great food, large quantities for low, low prices.  They're open 24 hours a day w/a drive through...I eat here at least once a week!
I'm giving Honeymoon Sweets an updated rating because I was contacted by the bakery yesterday and was offered a more than exceptable resolution. I'd rate them 4 stars for customer service, but to average it out, I give them three stars. Thank you for taking the time to follow-up and contact me.
I must say I was rather disappointed when I called to try and do a tasting for my daughter's party that was needing a cake for at least 50 people. The lady on the phone said that they did not do tastings for cakes that were for 50 people and that they were booked for six weeks out anyway. \n\nMy husband and I used them for our weeding nine years ago and were quite please with the quality of the cake and with the service, but it seems like they no longer care, nor would they have received our business nine years ago since our wedding only was for 50 people. Needless to say, we ended up having to go with another cake place that didn't care if we were serving eight people or 1,000. Customer service is a must now a days! Two stars is for what I remember of their yummy cakes.
Went here in search of something tart or pie-like as a birthday treat for someone (The birthday person doesn't like cake).  They had a decent pre-made selection of small tarts, small pies, and 2 whole pies available (Strawberry rhubarb and apple).  I decided on the apple, which was a very sizeable pie with a cinnamon-sugar crust.  The apple pie filling was delicious, it was just the right mix of sweet and tart and had a nice depth of flavor that made me want to eat more and more!  The crust was decent, I liked the cinnamon-sugar topping on the crust, but the crust itself was a little hard, and not very flaky.  I would like to come here again to try more bakery items!
Had the mini eclair and cannoli and unfortunately it was nothing noteworthy.  They aren't located in a fun area and the business seems to focus on decorative wedding cakes.  However the person who helped us was super friendly!
Love the meals they Are the best sea food in the Arizona area
Downhill is the key word - I don't know what happened to this particular location but I am shocked they stay open. The crab cakes are abysmal and just about everything else is at best mediocre. Spare yourself and go elsewhere.
We love Joe's Crab Shack.  We make the trip down from Scottsdale at least twice a month to enjoy Joe's wonderful Steam Pots.  A family favorite is the Lobster Daddy Steam Pot.  Even our 4 year old son loves Joe's.  Always a happy, family friendly environment.
What happened to you guys?  I used to love your food.  I tried something different this time just to see if that was bad too and guess what?  Yep it was not good.  Waited more than an hour for delivery which is no big deal just letting you know.  Got the pong pong special chicken it was overcooked and chewy but I was hungry so I ate it however I did not put the left overs in the fridge.  No I just threw it out right away cuz I knew where it was eventually going anyway.  Why prolong it right?  Got pot stickers like I usually do and this time they werent a weird color and totally burnt while tasting a little funny no, this time they were really thick with dough.  So thick the dough was hard on the ends cuz it hadnt cooked through all the way and inside was very bland meat which was devoid of spices.
I have finally found my groomer!! This place is absolutely amazing. The service here is TOP quality.. Absolutely no complaints.  I always schedule my appointments with Addie. With her work, you can definitely see how much she cares. My Yorkie, Preston, was given the best hair cut he has even seen. My Yorkie-Poo's hair cut was spot on. She cut his hair right on the very first time... It literally took my last groomer 3 attempts before she finally gave me what I wanted. \n\nIf you're in the market for a new groomer, for whatever reason, I highly recommend you trying this place out. I can call in the morning and they can get me in the same day. If I need a quick nail trimming, all I do is stop in and they will take a quick break to trim the nails. Support this locally owned and operated salon - you'll be so happy that you did :)
Same Kyoto bowl, in fact it was a time warp going in.  I had not been to one in years, looks the same, but well worn.  Food is still good, but a bit pricey for what you get.
Take 15 pounds of typical Asian fast food entrees, dump them in a laundry machine with sugar instead of detergent, and serve on a fresh lump of sticky steamed rice. Don't get me wrong, its still decent. But that's the caliber of what you should expect here.\n\nThis place has got the cheer of a rest stop restroom. The guy I seem to always order form always looks like a manic depressive. But hey, if you want calories and it's on the way, go for it.
Ewwww! I drive by this place everyday. Thought I would give it a shot today. I took 2 bites and had to throw the rest away. I will never come here again. The owners should be embarrassed to serve this slop. I wish I could get my $7 back.
This place is open earlier than other breakfast spots in the area. \nThe food is standard, nothing amazing. The atmosphere is fun and the music gets you going. \nThe service is S L O W! \nIt was like pulling teeth to have our server talk to us. We asked for the bill after we ordered to expedite the process, but that never happened. I couldn't believe how this guy drug his feet. He payed a lot of attention to the people ordering off the senior menu, I guess he thought the old folks would tip better?? \nAnywho...it's a good standby but definitely not a destination...
Val and Bill are the bomb! Great friendly service and fresh delicious food! Chorizo made on site!
I took my cousin here to get her phone serviced. The greeter had no idea what he was doing. 20 minutes later we got some service but that was questionable as well.  Instead of replacing the phone they supposively fixed it but guess what......nope!
The Streamliner (veggie) burger and Grilled Chicken Breast Sandwich were good, but the shakes are out of this world!!  They stole the show.  I got the Strawberry Banana and my friend got the Orange Dreamsicle! YUM!
had a rush copy/print job today, Sunday, and Kayla was on the copy counter taking care of business - multiple customers, giving another employees guidance on 2 projects and she very professionally and quickly took care of my order.  I normally see maria in this department (also very qualified, professional)...so glad to have met Kayla and appreciate her help.
I usually don't go to many Mexican foods, and I can't say what's good, and what's not, but this place is definitely not my favorite. I had a beef burrito, I felt it was kind of raw, and had juice coming out of the burrito. Dunno maybe that's the way it is, but it tasted wrong and nasty.Also, their beans and rice arent good either.
After hearing a few individuals talk about Filibertos at work I thought I would give them a try.  Sadly to say after 3 different meals and visits to their drive thru I have to report the food is beyond edible or palatable.   On two occasions the beans and rice were disgusting.   I attempted the chicken quesadillas were sandwiched between two massive tortillas with queso slop not cheese, the chicken tasted like canned chicken that had not been opened in years.  Instead of putting sour cream and guacamole on the side it slopped on inside which added to a even sloppy mess.  The flavors were so bad that this expensive mess had to be just thrown out.  With all the options there are for Mexican food....runnnnn to somewhere else.  Serrano's was heaven compared to this place.
This review is for Sunday NFL Breakfast - good food as in the 'all you can eat' breakfast with bacon, eggs, potatoes, and toast. Good bar food. Also good was the French toast - 6 large triangles with good (maple) syrup. Service is SLOW here in the morning though with only one cook. But hey... it's Sunday NFL and the beer is cold and cheap and the wait staff is smiling all morning long while you watch your favorite teams play ball.
Went with @quigonjinn and @mrsquigon, since they were driving.\n\nNice place.\n\nFree WiFi, which I think any business that has seating should provide, as a matter of doing business.\n\nGreat prices; $2 for a large house blend.\n(not a \"venti\" because it isn't fucking starbucks! and that's a good thing)\n\nAmple outdoor seating. There was a dude playing the piano inside.\n\nThe re-purposed bank vault is cool as hell!\n\nA distance from where I live, but would go back if I were in the area and looking for coffee.
I used to be a student and this place was awesome for studying and keeping caffeinated.  Now though, when I go there to relax, I feel like I'm sitting in a study hall with a coffee bar in it.  More power to them for catering to students, we all know these places are hard to find.  But, if you're a few years graduated, you may want to try somewhere else...or just get their coffee to go (it's very tasty).
So Indie its going to make me drive to Tempe lol Love the vibe here. Reminds me of The Jamaican Blue that use to be in Scottsdale. Good mix of a crowd, indie, punk, 70s sounds. Its great
My fav all time coffee destination in Tempe. It's a fabulous place to do homework and socialize.
Oh boy!  My husband needed prgressive lenses.  The girl who helped (?) us told me we should get the \"premium\" progressive as opposed to the standard.  I asked what the difference in price was and she WOULDNT TELL ME!  She figured it all out nd showed my, like a car salesman, on a computer, a price of $171.  With insurance!  When I said that was a lot, she said we should get insurance on the glasses for another $30!  Good luck with that, sister.   I later found out the standard progressive is $75 with our insurance. We walked and ordered the same glasses online from zinni for a grand total of $61 without using insurrance.  Hold on to the wallet here, folks!
I found Dr. Waring not particularly attentive to my needs as a patient.
My favorite Mongolian BBQ joint in the Phoenix area. HUGE HUGE portions, the only place where they let you smash the meat with wax paper, so much sauce and even the side bar is delicious. DO IT and I dare you to finish everything in your bowl.
I thought this place was just OK as far as Mongolian grills go. It was fine but I have certainly been to better. This is the first one I have been to where you have to pay more if you want to make up more than one bowl of stir fry. The difference between a single bowl versus unlimited was $2.00 so whats the point of that? Then they have an ice cream machine near the soda dispensers but there is a big sign that says if you want ice cream, go back to the register and pay another dollar. Why not just charge one price for all? Anyway the meat and veggies were good but no seafood available. The sauces were OK but there was only one guy cooking so it took some time to get yours made up even with few people there. The place was not as clean as I would have liked but whatever. It wasn't awful but I'd not make a point to go here again.
This place is missing one key ingredient:  Flavor.
This place is great and the service is outstanding. I had never been here before and the manager personally helped me. I will definitely return
In a city full of Fry's supermarkets, Sunflower Market is an excellent alternative for ASU denizens looking for cheapish foods, Hippie-style, especially since the only Trader Joe's is quite a drive away.  On weekends, they occasionally have BBQs...I grabbed 2 hamburgers for 2 bucks yesterday.
I like this store a lot! They really go the extra mile to make it nice.          Very similar to Sprouts. I don't know if they are owned by the same people or not .  They give you 10cents off your bill for everyone of your forever bags that you bring in. That is the best deal i know of. Plus, they even have coffee out if you would like a sample. While shopping.     They have a deli which only provides Boar's Head. Which is a very good thing. No additves and GMO in it.   they will cut your meat and cheese any thickness you like and they put paper inbetween each slice. Which is a wonderful thing.   They even have Organic wine for a very good price.    Very many good things at this store , and well worth the visit.
Good food. OK prices. Just hope you never have a problem you want resolved because the management is no help whatsoever. You can't expect much from someone who manages a grocery store though.
Thought it was pretty sad that they charge $10 to have your X-rays emailed over to a new dentist (I moved therefore needed a new dentist). As a former customer, I would think they could include that as a courtesy, I've never charged for this by any other dental office. Granted its only $10, its the principal behind it.
Worst customer service, extremely rude, my wife had a horrible experience and they would not give her the physical copies of the xrays she brought in. They said they would only email her copies. I was scheduled to go in and they canceled my appointment becauSe she left a bad review, without speaking with me or my wife first..... who does that.\n\n**Edit** to your response I can comment on your business because SOMEONE canceled my appointment based on her review not my wife she called and they said they couldn't find my appointment because it was already canceled. So either you are very uninformed with how your business is actually running or lying.
I utilized him, Paul, about 3 years ago for a termite problem.  I picked him based on Yelp reviews.  He did the treatment and then had to come back to retreat about 4 months after the original application.  I called him on the phone and he said he would come back but he was not going to make anything since it was under warranty.  When he came to the house again he made it very clear that this was costing him money because it was all under warranty.  I have never experienced having a business owner try to make me feel bad for asking them to honor their warranty, a warranty that I paid extra for.  I will never utilize his services again.
Went there for a NBA Playoff Game (Suns vs. Spurs) about a year ago.  It was crowded and there were many drunk dirty boys trying to score - ewwe!  It has the potential to be a nice little-hole-in-the-wall place, but as it stands currently-not so much.  Would not recommend this place.
There were ample pool tables which was nice but the sitting tables were seriously garbage. The seating was horrible and I felt like I was gonna fall every second. Also they were unnecessarily close to eachother. \n\nThe prices were alright for bar food. Nothing too special on pitchers of beer. \n\nThe food was SO good. Like, I was really surprised. Usually bar food is only tolerable. (even at some of my favorite sports bars)  But everything we ordered was extraordinary. It was restaurant quality and worth the price.\n\nAs for the atmosphere, it'll keep me from going here again. Absolutely FULL to the brim with college pukes. If you don't know what a college puke is, I suggest you walk around Mill Ave from 6pm-11pm. You'll soon find out. Not my thing, but some people might love it. (college pukes)
I thoroughly enjoyed this place. We went on a Saturday night so it was bustling with young people. They have every fun bar game you could imagine: pool, darts, shuffle board, air hockey, karaoke, and more. They also have Shocktop on tap which is a win-win for me. Get a couple drinks in you and you are bound to have a blast here. I know I did.
Great layout.  It almost seemed like their bar had different venues.  Great food & selection of beers too.\n\nI was amazed how awesome the service was.  We went on a really busy night.
Just played there yesterday with my wife.  It's a good course for beginners and other golf challenged people.  It was in fair shape.  The fairways and greens were pretty shaggy and the rough was mostly hardpan.\n\nDespite that, it was a fun round.  There are a few interesting holes.\n\nThe people in the clubhouse are super nice, so the after round drinks and food were great, too.  Great hot dogs!
spontaneous visit during the summer with two other friends. \nMy main concern with this location is the fact that the salad bar, soup bar, hot foods corner were a lot smaller than the soup plantation in LA I always go to. \n\nThe food was good regardless, had a good time being fat sitting in one of the comfy booths they have. We sat right by the food for easy access hehe\n\nParking is widely available, huge lot.
we went to STFK for the first and unfortunately the last time tonight. I'm not sure if they hired an outside company to come up with this concept or they thought of it internally, but they can save a ton of money by NOT remodeling the remaining stores, and will stop losing long time customers like us.  I always finished up with their chili, but now it's an additional $3.49, and no more hot chocolate chip cookies. BTW, no more coupons either, so it's time to look for another place to have a healthy meal...
Back to the sweet tomatoes we know and love, but the updated dishware and decor remain for a classier feel. Recommended!
Village Lanes is a great bowling experience.  This bowling center is clean, the staff is helpful, friendly, and attentive.  Recently renovated, the cleanliness of Village Lanes cannot be understated, because I am sure most people have had the dirty bowling center experience, and it can turn a fun family night into a seedy experience.  Village Lanes has a nice snack center and bar-lounge area; it could be great for birthday parties.  Cheers!
Havent had any problems (lost or damaged clothes...) with them.  My stuff is always ready when they say it will be and it always comes out looking sharp.  Good place with reasonable pricing.
I vow to never step foot into this mcdonald's again.  It is by far, the nastiest McDonald's I have ever visited.  \n\nWe went in today for an after school mcflurry.  The place smelled bad (think vomit) and it was dirty.  The upholstered chairs are in such bad shape that they have been \"repaired\" with duct tape all along the entire bank of tables.  \n\nThis place gives me the creeps.  So long McDonald's.  I don't think I'll miss you.
Ups: great staff, regular patrons, eclectic furniture and decorations, unique beans. Feels like a true locally owned shop. It can quickly become \"your\" coffee shop.\n\nDowns: Drinks are a bit expensive. Quality of pulled shots can vary between baristas, sometimes it can get crowded. No actual food. No public restroom (but they'll let you use the one in the kitchen if you ask).
I love this little coffee shop. Amidst all of the commercial coffee places around, this seems down to earth and unassuming.  The barista is always friendly.  I like to support local businesses and would, by far, support Gold Bar than Starbucks located across the parking lot.
This is a great neighborhood coffee house. Family owned and friendly. Best pastries around!! And their coffee is better than the close competition. They also have delicious cold brew iced teas every day. It's a great spot to relax on a hot afternoon. I love the friendly laid back atmosphere.
first time here and it was OK. the place smelled real bad, like urine, especially the elevator. service was okay, we had to call the guy over a few times. they didn't even check on us. wings were good, bbq chicken pizza was good except for the fact that it was over powered by a whole bunch of garlic cloves. ugh, i love garlic cloves but man, there was too much on there. the cool thing though is that they have that asian photobooth thing and a karaoke booth!
I can't stand this place.  I made 3 attempts to purchase (and to get educated) on a new mountain bike.  The sales staff were arrogant and completely useless.  I finally purchased a new bike from another store.  It's a shame as Landis is right by my house.  I will not even buy an inner tube from them.
These guys know what they're doing.  My yellow Trek Marlin 5 acquired a broken spoke somehow while riding which then loosened all the other spokes, but Landis was able to fix everything and get the wheel true again.  I think the knowledgable guy who worked on my rear wheel was named Phil.  It's nice to know that I have a good neighborhood bike shop.  My brother was impressed with the service enough to say, \"You know, that makes me want to buy a bike from them.\"  I'm sure he will.
While the pizza was most definitely delicious, the process of trying to order cheeseless pizza was so clunky that even though the cashier and the manager confirmed the order, the cook still put mozzarella on it. Still four stars, however, since once this was brought to their attention they gave us another pizza, free of charge.\n\nIt was also very clean and had some awesome menu choices. Definitely planning on eating there again.
oh my god worst pizza I've ever had. Tasted worse than school cafeteria pizza. Ordered a small at 2 bites and immediately stopped eating. DISGUSTING
Love Wendy's new salads and burgers. This was my first visit to this particular location and I found it to be very clean. I felt bad for the guy running the cash register because no one was helping him but he was very polite.
I was studying for finals and so driving back and forth to campus a lot.  All of a sudden one evening my car's coolant light went on.  I take care of my car and so was concerned about the light.  I took it into Purcells where they proceeded to tell me that my car might overheat and explode if I continued to drive it, thus making me their captive.  I called my fiancee and told him the deal.  A couple hours later Purcells contacted me and said the engine needed repair and would cost around $900.  I asked if there were any sort of discounts and they said no.  Then when my fiancee went in they magically made it only cost $700.  I still don't think anything was wrong with my engine after all is said and done, but just paid them and went on my way, vowing to never come back.
The wife and I stopped here for a bite and beer and was surprised. The steaks we ordered were huge and very tasty. Overall good beer selection and great service from Robin made foe a great evening.
wow. i REALLY like average mexican food.  i grew up with manuel's, the original one in phoenix.  and i'm happy to say, this food is familiar and comforting to me.  it may not be the best, i can see how some may think it's just the worst. not me. me likey.
Had lunch here the other day with a Groupon.  The staff as well as the chips and salsa were great.  The food was super.  The lunch deal included the entree as well as beans and rice and the portion was more than substantial.  The server (Carlos, I think) was super polite, very efficient and explained  what was contained in each item we ordered. A great Mexican place in this part of town.
This place has tasteless food that is over priced. It is not very far from my house and would be easy to stop at but I choose to go to Suzie's, or Poncho's in Phoenix. If you want good Mexican food do your self a favor and go somewhere else.
Great pizza at a good price.  It isn't exactly like the Chicago style that I had in Chicago (an upside down pizza), but it is the closest I have found in the valley.
I ate here with my family more times than I can count when I was growing up.  It's also one of the go-to spots when my friends from high school want to get together.  This is a quintessential neighborhood pizza restaurant and bar.  They have a good selection of craft beers, including ones from Four Peaks and Stone brewing on tap.  The tortellini toss salad is absolutely to die for, especially when you drown it in their homemade Italian dressing.  The dressing is thick and has a hint of tomato goodness.  I always order the enchilada pizza- black beans, green chili, grilled chicken with a side of sour cream, guac, diced red onions and lettuce.  I load all that stuff on top of the pizza and it is a divine pie.
This review is simply about the quality of the IMAX screen and viewing experience rather than the surrounding environment (AZ Mills Mall). This is the only true IMAX screen in Phoenix. If you see a movie here you will truly be engrossed in the film. The screen is so big that sometimes it even feels as if your stomach drops even if it is not a 3D movie. I've seen several movies here including Prometheus, Dark Knight Rises and most recently Oblivion. Any \"space\" based movies are especially spectacular on this screen because you really feel like you are there. The bathrooms are a little small but it has never been so busy that I had to wait a long time and they have always been reasonably clean. I will come back to IMAX because I love movies and I especially love feeling like I am part of one.
I've been to lots of Marshalls in different cities and states, but I'd say the staff here are definitely the friendliest.\n\nI was in this evening getting a couple makeup bags for Christmas presents, and the lady who rang my purchase was so helpful and sweet. Her name was Susan.
The staff here is always very friendly and helpful. Unfortunately, they run out of things very quickly. Today they were out of bagels, regular cream cheese, and coffee stoppers before 11 am. It's never fun finding out AFTER you order and pay for something that it's unavailable. I wish their stock was as consistent as their service, but I'm not going in there for the service.
Food isn't great except for the tots... the tots are delicious. I also really like the $1 mini candy deserts. It's just the right size and so yummy! But ultimately, the 4 stars are for the drinks. Cherry and strawberry limeades, watermelon slushy.. the possibilities are endless. This place is a nice treat when the weather gets warm!
Julie was probably the best part of this experience. She was the super duper friendly bartender chatting me up and explaining all the specials and items on the menu. Nothing has really changed since they changed the name, but at least they are still giving free entrees on your birthday.  Oh wait..they claim to have new super crunchy fries now, but I would say super salty is a better description.  Not crunchy either. The philly at 8.99 was decent, it had mozzarella cheese and the menu said ribeye..but not quite convinced. The big excitement for me was a fly landing on half my sandwich for over the two second fly limit. They were nice and re - made the other half. Go for Julie and tip her well...she deserves it.
Website does not reflect accurate stock levels, company fails to inform customers of out of stock items and processes the order short, when you call to address the matter, they very rudely talk over you and hang up. I take that as a sign they don;t want my business, I will be happy to oblige.
I hate myself every time I wind up shopping here. Having to lock up my purse, indifferent staff, high prices....  plus they carry very little sterling and charge through the nose for what they do have.
Bleh. This place looks pretty rough, but it's been here for a long time and I was thinking that the food must be pretty good if it's survived that long. Wrong.  I'd say that at least half of my Hunan chicken & shrimp combo went in the trash. I could've done better with Panda Express and I'll be eating a bowl of Cap'n Crunch in hour or two.\n\n\nFortune cookie: Desire, like the atom, is explosive with creative force. In bed.
Generous portions and good sweet and sour shrimp but nothing extraordinary about their fried rice or lo mein
I've ordered from this place three or four times, and each time they've delivered in less than an hour. They are very well priced, and consistent in their quality of food. It is not the utter best chinese food I've ever had, but its pretty good and delivers later than a lot of other places. \n\nThe crab puffs are the best I've ever had, anywhere, though. Seriously, they have much more \"crab\" and a lot less too-crunchy fried wonton stuff. the hot and sour soup is flavorful, but not that spicy. I'd prefer it more sour and more hot, myself. The hunan chicken is great, and so is the broccoli chicken. Overall, good quality food and good delivery!
Went in on a Groupon, food was good but also greasy, but not enuff for me to go out of my way to eat there. \nWent there at lunch, it was dead, but yet took forever to get our food.
Not a great place. I do not mind old rundown places but you could smell the fresh urinal cake.  Went for lunch on a Wednesday and only two other people in there. Owner took order at register which was fine but he didn't seem to be into the whole thing,  older gentleman brought drinks and food.  I think he washed dishes too.  Tacos were greasy and food was so so at best. My boss ordered a carne asada chimi that was full of greasy, old, and fatty pork.  Just not a good experience.  I think they worry about the bar business at night.  The older gentleman was very kind and courteous though.
Ray made our wedding reception absolutely phenomenal! He timed all of the little special requests perfectly (like me surprising my husband with a groom's cake). He read the group on the dance floor perfectly and because of that, we didn't stop dancing until our time ran out. He even went along with a surprise our friends had for us that called for a certain song. Could not have imagined that night as perfectly as it turned out. Thank you Ray!
I'm not usually one to pay double to have my oil done in fifteen minutes, but a couple times, like before a road trip i would have no choice.\n\none time everything was just fine, everyone was pleasant. but i hate the nonsense of them pulling you out to your car, lifting your hood and giving the rehearsed, ten times a day spiel about needing a new air filter, windshield wipers, windshield fluid..blah blah blah. one time in the spiel i totally thought the guy said that my \"cabin pressure\" was off. when i interrupted to ask \"did you just say cabin pressure?\" he was so taken off guard that i was listening to everyone word, he didn't know what to say.\nanyway, not a fan of this location
This is the worst place ever. They don't even deserve 1 star. I went to get my\nOil changed they recommended I have my battery cleaned as well. My car was then stuck in 4wheel drive. I had to go to 2 different mechanics to have it fixed. The people at this jiffy lube should NEVER be able to touch anyone's car.
walked in with a $24.95 oil change (special) coupon.  I was told they'd knock off $10.  Yeah, right...never happened.  Walked out spending $83.00.  Jiffy Lube is notorious for \"bait and switch\" games.  Workers there are trained to never let the customer leave without spending maximum money.  I watched them closely...they were low on synthetic 5-20 oil...topped off my engine with 5-40w.  Beware.
Went in yesterday with a few girls to get prepped for a wedding. It was my first manipedi in FOREVER, so I really would have been pleased with anything, as long as they didn't rip my nails off. Anyways, I was pretty pleased with my experience, and even ended up getting my brows waxed when I was in, though two of the girls had some issues with their acrylics they had done. Shortly after leaving, there were some scuffs on my toe polish, and I can't have that since I'm wearing heels for this wedding. So I'll go in tomorrow and see how they deal with that. Would I come back otherwise? Meh, not sure. But for $38, it definitely wasn't bad.
I was not impressed!! I went here because of the reviews, but found that the service was poor, the food mediocre, and not hot enough for me. I am always checking mexican restaurants for the food and the heat. I love the food, being from NM and also love the heat...this one fails...would not go back!!
Best Mexican Food in the valley!!!  Yummmmmmy!!!!!!  Super nice family!!!!
They did a good job cleaning a coat where other places wouldn't be able to take it.\n\nThe reason I took off one star is because the owner originally quoted me $12 and the next day when I picked it up he said $15. It's not the problem with it being $3, the problem is that he did not stick with the quote that he said, he blamed it on a long day of work and did not correctly measure the length of the coat at first. If he told me it was an error, but he would stick with the previous price then that would've been great.
After being told by my dealership that my car was in immediate need of new brake pads, I took my car over to Brake Masters and worked with Steve.  I was on lunch, so I had a coworker drop me off - and asked him to call me and let me know what the deal was with them.\n\nAbout 20 minutes later I get a call... my brakes are absolutely fine, and they were not going to do any work.  It's clear that I was lied to by my dealership, and that Brake Masters was completely honest with me.  It would have been easy for them to not tell me and take my money - but that one simple phone call has earned them my business... when I actually need work done!
I think the owners were nice, but when not supervised, the staff was rude, and only interested in talking with friends instead of helping the customer. I don't expect much when it comes to game stores, much like the service at a Chinese restaurant it usually stinks...  But these guys were jerks, and unwilling to assist or even move from their fixed location.    We left the store saying we would never go back.  Their D&D miniature selection is good, so I hope they get better service some day.
In a word.......FANTASTIC!\nI went in for what I thought was going to be an EXPENSIVE fix and was delighted to find that less than $30.00 (YES, THIRTY DOLLARS) later i am back on the road and the fender is looking fine!!!\n\nThe coolest part was that the owners father was out in the shop, under my car looking and giving advice!   I want to be that engaged at 86 years of age.  An honest family owned business that is true to their word.  I am certainly glad I grabbed the card I saw at IMM.
Was recommended this place for work on my '75 bus and was extremely satisfied.  They are very experienced, knowledgeable, and reasonable.  They answered a ton of questions I had and were genuinely honest.  I felt very comfortable immediately.  Super friendly and flexible as well.  They arranged for me to drop off on a Saturday outside of business hours and let me keep my bus there for a week while I was out of town.  I'd highly recommend to anyone and everyone.
Amazing service! I just moved to Arizona and my A/C went out, took my car in and they had it fixed the same day! The price was very affordable and Victor and the staff were very professional, definitely sticking with this shop for all my car repairs!
My mom gets a bigger kick out of this place than I do. It seemed to specialize in upholstery, and the walls are lined with swatches. I did like that the woman allowed me to take mini-swatches off of the wall, but I didn't wind up finding any fabrics that worked for my projects. I'll definitely try back here.
Out of all of the local Indian restaurants I have tried, Royal Taj is by far the best! The curries are amazing and the meat (and paneer) is always tasty! While the people who own the restaurant may seem a bit distant, they are just shy and open up when you talk to them! Be sure to come here when you crave good Indian!
Like most of the reviews have already stated... no one else was in the restaurant. I don't understand how they stay in business, and I assumed the restaurant portion of the building was merely a front. \n\nI did not enjoy the atmosphere of this place, at all. A nice woman took our order, then went to the kitchen to make it, I assume. The food was decent, actually pretty tasty. I ordered the vegetable platter, it was about 15 dollars which was twice as much as what my friend got, for half as much food. I didn't care, I thought it was pretty delicious. \n\nI don't think I will go back because I'm fairly sure I can find a decent indian food place with a slightly better vibe.
Just stopped by here for dinner the other day and figured I'd write a review.  I've been here twice and have had a good experience both times.  Their food is very tasty.  When I went for lunch I thought their selection wasn't as big as other places, but everything was well prepared.  Out of both, I prefered dinner even though we were the only people in the place.  The food came out pretty quick and was super fresh.  The meat samosa, garlic naan, chicken biriyani, chicken curry, and tikki masala were all great.  I think even though everyone seems to love the tikki masala I liked the curry better.  ALSO to note, it was very spicy, more than when prepared for the buffet I think, which I thought was great.
How can you not love REI? I'm not really sure what type of personality that would be. Probably insanely boring. REI has great gear for hiking, camping, all sorts of sports and you can't beat being a member.\n\nThe store in Tempe is pretty clean and fairly close to my house. The staff for the most part has always been helpful aside from the one time I was told something I wanted didn't even exist (yet it was available online).\n\nI have to lower them to 4 stars because there's been so many times I've had to order from REI online and have it delivered to the store because they didn't carry what I wanted.
Prices were out of this world high.  We walked in looked at pricing on just a couple items that we have been looking at and their price was so high and so out of line we both just turned right around and walked out.  I dont mind paying more for something to have it now but they take their  high prices to another level.  Just not that impressed with them.
Terrible experience at this office. I've gone back twice for the same problem and am still having issues. Ironically enough, before the filling my tooth felt fine and ever since the procedure i've had nothing but problems with the tooth. I will not be returning to this office ever again. Maybe It was a fluke... but I doubt it and i'm not going to stick around to find out.
i went to this place because of their good reviews here on yelp...\nim honestly wondering if i went to the wrong place.\ni called 15 minutes before me and my mom headed in\nthey said they would be able to take us both right away\nonce we got there we waited 15 minutes before they even started my moms full set\nthen i had to wait another 10 minutes for them to start my manicure\nwhy does it seem like all nail places do this? if you cant take me right away when i ask, please dont LIE just to get me to come there.\ni got white tips and im not too impressed. there are bubbles all through their top coat and the guy couldnt even cut/file my nails evenly\ni definitely will NOT be back.\nwish i could give ZERO stars
I don't know where everyone was but this is a rad little place. Pretty good food, cheap beers and quite delicious. Very personable staff as well. I enjoyed my visit.
1 star from the vegan perspective, as they use whey (an animal protein) in most of their breads, including their white and wheat sub breads. Please drop the whey (and all other animal products) from your breads!
I walked in with my family and we waited to be seated...for 10 min! Employees saw us there and just ignored us and kept going about their business. I fully understand if they're slammed and running around, but a \"we'll be right with you\" goes a long way and we didn't get any of that. We just got blown off. We were all hungry and this was totally unacceptable. We left and went down the street to Venezia's. They were friendly and wanted our business.
If I could give them 0 stars I would. Called for an oil change from the parking lot and was told there was no wait, when I walked in literally less than a minute later they told me there was a 2 hour wait. Jeremy was ride and had no interest in helping me. They DIDN'T rotate like my tires like they were supposed to and were shady about it when I asked them about it. Instead of the price they had listed there were arbitrary fees that made it almost $10 more. Their employees were grimy, shady and not at all courteous or pleasant. I will not be back and will be calling their corp office. What a horrible experience.
great place to have your battery recharged. they require that you bring your own oil back to the recycle bin... which is gross and impossibly filthy. i really can't leave this place without getting dirty. but hell, i really can't complain. i like getting dirty.
I have always had an excellent lunch at Ted's - not necessarily the healthiest - but excellent!  It is easy to be intimidated in front of the lunch crowd when the cook is asking for your order across a line of hungry patrons - but it keeps the line rolling, and you get your food fast (without it quite being such fast food!).  All the dogs I've had there were excellent (never tried anything else - why would I - it's Ted's HOT DOGS!).
I thought this place was really good for what it is. I don't really understand all the awards and hype for it though... In the end it's just a hot dog to me. I enjoyed my regular hot dog with mustard, onions, sauerkraut, and a pickle. I have to say the real star of the meal was the onion rings! They were unfortunately very addicting. We got a strawberry milkshake as well and it was delicious.
Ted's Hot Dogs is a fun place to have lunch.  It's kind of a nostalgic sort of place with memorabilia on the walls.  You will feel like you've gone back to a simpler time when you eat at Ted's.  My favorite is the All Beef hot dog but they also serve hamburgers, french fries, onion rings, milk shakes, etc...  I would have given Ted's 5 Stars but their bathroom is too small for all of the crowds they get here. Hard to get a seat here if you know what I mean.  Give it a try.  You won't be disappointed! Just make sure you use the facilities at home before you go.
Unfortunately something isn't the same - I can't put my finger on it, but the service and food has changed from what Ted's used to be- even at the Buffalo NY locations. It doesn't feel like a family owned business and the employees just don't seem to care. The hot dogs also taste different that they were 20 years ago- cutting costs?
Ted's is hands down my favorite place to eat hotdogs! Go during lunch hour and you may be standing in line for a little while but it's well worth the wait. Great service along with great food and decent portions, you can't go wrong.
Disappointed as I was told this was one of the BEST hot dogs ever.  We got an all beef and white hot.  Not the worse hot dogs we've had but not the best.  They do however have REALLY GOOD onion rings!
I really try to support local business and really tried to like this place. I even went a few times, thinking the next time would be better. The last time I went I spent 7 bucks on what was old, cold, nasty lemon chicken. I really, really wanted to like this place. After my last experience, I won't go back.
If you want some quick, affordable, and tasty chinese take-out in Tempe than this place is reliable.  I've only been coming here for a short time now and never had any problems.  Just don't have any high expectations for something less than 6-7 dollars for a meal and you'll arrive home happy and full.
set the scene- \n\nparty of 5 staying at the hotel for business \n\nmore then half empty restaurant\nhalf to wait a half hour for a table that could accommodate us\nsat at ginormous table\nwaiter comes by after we sit, of course we are not ready at this point, dont see her again for a whole 20 minutes\norder 2 bottles of wine, salads, entrees\nsalad was good but certainly would not classify that dressing as caesar\nentrees - lets just say that not one person felt that they could not prepare their food better, at home  pretty sure my mashed potatoes were powdered  \n\nhad a better meal the next night in the lobby bar
Really, the appeal is the view, which is fantastic.  The food was ok.  The atmosphere was ok.
It was nice to relax for dinner on night this week and if you want to relax this is the place to do it at.  The view is just amazing and the staff was very friendly.  I had the Rib eye steak and it was cook just perfect.  Blue cheese potatoes were really good but I think the Blue Cheese was a bit over powering for the potatoes.\n\nI also had some cake for desert but the ice cream  had started to melt and the cake was a bit dry.  For the price I expected a bit better on the details like that.  In the end it was worth the trip for the view.
I was surprised that a resort could be so mediocre.  Here's my take (and I stay here rather regularly due to business travel):\n\n+ Cookies at your bedside in the evenings\n+ Complimentary bottle of water \n+ Shower is awesome\n+ Pool is extra huge and relaxing\n- Decor is so 1980s/1990s\n- Insects are pretty common here for some reason. Yesterday I had to kill some small flying thing.\n- Driving from the lobby to the rooms.  This was a little confusing when I first came here.\n- No special amenity for Silver or Gold members.  Only Platinum members get special stuff.
Like it. Typical desert summer staff, but I thought the service was OK enough. Not 4 or 5 star.\nBeds and rooms, pretty good.\nWarning!! They smoke on the property. Might jujst be an AZ thing, but ALL Marriott properties in the US are supposed tro be non-smoking. How this one gets away with it, I jave no idea. Just a word of caution.\nLove the way it is built in to the hill. Might not be good place for handicapped or elderly. Plenty of stairs and walking. Neither bother me too much.\nBreakfast is typical Marriott.\nIf price is good, book it, you won't be sorry. Good spot for business travelers, as it is close to that area.
The fried chicken wings are good.  The rest?  Below par Chinese MSG.  I might get some wings sometime, but the rest of the food is below mediocre.
Excellent prices and the people working there are friendly. CLEAN inside unlike other Mexican rest's in the area. The taste of the food is at top game and love eating at this place!
No pressure, honest, laid back, personable salespeople!  I drove in from CA to buy a used TSX and they did as much as possible beforehand to make the transaction smooth and quick.  They also let me privately sell my old car on their premises (and even encouraged doing so) because they couldn't give me much on the trade.
Was in there picking up my items as the older guy sat there talking trash about their customers. Also overheard in his conversation was a threat to take them outside and beat them up for complaining - as I looked at my messed up stitching... Will never go there again.
I normally wouldn't even think to review a Walmart store because historically I've DESPISED them!  But, recently, I discovered a Walmart - This Walmart - And have had a change of heart (so to speak).  I find this Walmart to be free from 'Walmartians' (or at least I haven't witnessed any while I've been in there) and the staff is actually helpful and pleasant....That's right, you read that correctly....Helpful and pleasant - They don't appear to DESPISE their jobs and lives as much as I use to despise Walmart as law.  Additionally, I find this store to be quite clean and well stocked with inventory, which is a bonus!  So there you have it.....A Walmart store within the State of Arizona which is acceptable and not a challenge to even think about entering into. \n\nHappy Shopping!
Also went here and there phos free is 60 and everywhere else is 29.99. Wayyyy overpriced
Nice, clean, friendly, and close to home.  And they don't charge a fortune.  Can't complain!  I'll be back :)
This is one of the best nail salons I've been to around the area and for a very reasonable price! The owner Su is amazing and will make sure that you are satisfied with what you have. They really take pride in what they do and care about the costumers. What really stands out and keeps me coming back to this salon is that if they don't know or don't feel comfortable at doing a design they will call someone who can do it! This is a great place to treat yourself at! \n\nAlso Lanny one of the techs here does amazing work!! She's really talented at designs.
Took my wife here last week with flu symptoms, it wasn't very busy but it still took about an hour and a half before we left. The wait time was okay considering there was only one doctor for the whole place. The nurse was not overly friendly as she asked all the questions that we already filled out on their forms. I suppose the establishment serves its purpose when you can't get in to see your primary care doctor.
I would not go back to this place, even though it is close. It looks run down and dirty inside, both in the waiting areas and exam rooms. I did not feel very confident in the skills or assessment done by the doctor or the staff. It seemed quick and not very thorough.
Had to get my tire repaired,  unfortunately it was not able to be repaired. The tires I have are not made anymore even though they are only 1 year old. They said they would look for my tire at another Discount Tire. They found it and had it delivered to this location. It came the next day. I made an appointment to have the tire changed. I was very late for my appointment and apologized.  When I got there Josh was waiting for me they took my truck back immediately and I was done in literally 10 min. I was so grateful and amazed they took care of me so quickly.  I always have gone to this discount tire.  And will continue to go there. They are wonderful!
Cowboys and gangsters and mechanical bull riding and cheap booze and wet  shirt contests and random concerts and beer tub girls in ass-less chaps. How can you fuck this up? Graham Central Station is so ridiculous that it should be awesome.\n\nBut it isn't. Somehow. HOW?\n\nThis place is a huge mess. Every person in here frightens me. \n\nI guess  you could get totally hammered and try to ignore the scariness and really party here. But I can't do it.\n\nBut I dare YOU to do it. If you do go here, please tell us alllllllll about it.
Read about Graham's awhile ago when I was looking for a club with an 80's night. Found this place and have been here a few times since. Three stars for a few reasons. The dress code can be pretty lousy. I understand hats and baggy clothes but sleeveless shirts? Also, the 80's room doesn't play enough actual 80's music, mostly a mix with lots of 90's stuff. Lastly, the bartenders can be hit or miss; don't come here and expect to get a scotch on the rocks or an old fashioned. That being said, this place is still awesome because there are three themed areas, drinks aren't to pricey and the crowd is always fun and unusual. Don't miss out on the shots from the test tubes; they'll do the trick.
These guys are a total fraud. I had a problem with the starter in my car and I towed it here. They fixed it with glue and charged me USD500 (claiming that they replaced it). Within less than a year the starter gaveup and I towed my car back to Midas (since the starter was under one year warranty). They did not honour the warranty and they gave me absurd reasons. \n\nI have never been to these fraudulent people after that. DOnt take your car hear, if you want to get a \"real\" repair done.
This place is ok
This gym has spoiled me. They have all the right classes at all the right times. even when it's packed, there's always an open machine. sometimes there's a wait for the weight machines. the  locker rooms are always super clean. and the staff is just awesome. totally worth the $50 membership!
Yes!  It's twice as pricey as Gold's or LA Fitness... but it's twice as awesome!  You get what you pay for at Lifetime.  As someone who goes to the gym over my lunch break, I couldn't ask for anything more from a gym.  It's the little things; you don't need to bring a towel, soap, a locker key or lunch!  The caf\u00e9 has a nice selection of healthy meals for breakfast, lunch, kids and even smoothies and the nutrition facts are on the menu.   As a vegetarian, there are several options for me to choose from.   The equipment from the cardio machines to the pool is well maintained and the staff is knowledgeable and friendly.  After being spoiled with Lifetime for over 3 years, I honestly could never switch gyms, call me a snob ... I don't care!
Best gym ever. They have so much here its crazy. If you want a gym that more than just a \"gym\" come here. I have been with my personal trainer Max for a year and love it. \n\nI would highly recommend to anyone.
Lifetime sells the spa as an incentive to the gym, along with the kids play area. The customer service at the spa was horrendous today. Jilian at lifetime spa has hands down worst customer service I have experienced in a long time.  Canceling appt, eye rolling, deep breathing to convey her frustrations. Don't work with ppl if you do not like the public.
Beware of this gym!!! I put my membership on hold because of an injury and they said I still owe them money. I finally said OK and went into pay and canceled my account. I received an email for another bill that was still owe. They told me I didn't sign something. I said the employee never ask me to sign something. Oh well they are very unwilling to work with someone and are very RUDE!!!! I will tell as many people as I know to never use Lifetime because there service lacks any kind of common sense.
The GM at the Tempe location is absolutely horrible and has no clue what he's doing.. He's a baffoon and was supposed to be fired a long time ago
I've been going to Lani for a while and she is always laughing and smiling. She makes you feel comfortable right away. She has great prices and you can tell she cares a lot. I wouldn't go anywhere else!
I went to Just For You to get a wax and I was SO nervous! I saw Tamye and she made me feel so comfortable.  I was pleasantly surprised at how painless it was.  She was so amazing and I'll definitely be back.  Thank you so much Tamye!!
When I think of this salon, I think clean, friendly and overall great!  I have been seeing Sylvia (esthetician) for a couple of years.  She is fast, efficient, friendly and knowledgeable.  I get my waxing done here and I recommend Sylvia to every one of my friends and family.  Call in advanced to get an appointment set and then they have a discount if you book for the next time in advanced.  There is a yelp check in deal for brazilian wax that is to die for... just sayin
Great place for big meals @ a great price!
We went there on a Thursday night past 8 o'clock so we were seated quickly. The food was great, and so was the service was pretty good too. I would have given the place five stars, but halfway through dinner, an alarm went off and didn't get shut off for around five minutes. Also, one of the waiters (not ours) was trying to show off with some wine glasses and ended up dropping several due to a miscalculation. Practice makes perfect though. I didn't mind that so much but the alarm was a bit unnerving. I'm sure that wouldn't happen again though. I'll definitely go back.
Great service, fast lunch on a work day.
down grading to a one star due to the fact that I have had a few people email me on here letting me know they too have gotten sick from this place! Eat at your own risk! Don't say I didn't warn you
The food is fresh (except the meat, which is frozen, which is what knocked the place down a star) and the service is good. For around $9 you can have a bowl full of food, white or brown rice, soup, fried noodles and a drink. The place is clean and you can make your dish however you like.
Make your bowl. The place was big and clean. Very polite staff.
Hands down 5 stars for this place. Whenever I visit Phoenix nowadays, this is a must go place!\n\nThe secret is a few scoops of curry sauce, few scoops of spicy thai, a dollop of garlic, a whole lot of dry pepper flakes, loads of veggies and a request to make it very well done....this place makes a mean stir fry!! I love it!! love it!! The problem is that I over eat and I am too sleepy to work afterwards.
I was passing through Phoenix when I was searching for an Indian restaurant and my GPS pointed me to this place. The ambiance is very ordinary and they could definitely do better job with it.  \n\nService was reasonably prompt. They didnt ask me for a spice level when they took my order. I found the food bland for my taste. Could have done with more spice and salt. The food is alright nothing out of the ordinary.
I am completely disappointed in this establishment today. 30 minutes in the drive thru line. Then the kid was an ass when we asked what was taking so long, he said we are understaffed and busy! As we finally get to the window we wait 15 more minutes for 2 iced birthday cakes and a small watermelon! And look through the window as the staff are all just standing around looking at one another. I usually love this place but man it's summer in Az you think you would be staffed for these hot days!!!
This used to be the best pizza in the valley.  The last two times we went we were disappointed.  The first time the pepperoni had no flaver.  This last time the italian sausage had no flavor.  The basic pizza is still good.
I used to like Rosati's Pizza, but tonight I ordered a pizza for delivery at my hotel, and they told me it would be WITHIN the hour.  1 hour and 40 minutes later the pizza arrived....cold.  What a waste of money!  The delivery man said he would have them take 10% off.....ooooh, really?  The pizza should have been free!  Sorry to say....this will be my last Rosati's pizza.
I've lived in Tempe for over thirteen years and have been ordering pizzas from this location since moving to Tempe from Ahwatukee. I've never had a bad pizza from the Ahwatukee location (Lived there 6 months.) nor the Tempe location. On average we order Rosati's pizza from this location at least every 3 weeks or so. We save the coupons from the boxes so we've had a lot of pizzas for half off over the 13 years of being a customer of the Tempe location. Our favorite pizza has been the Gonzo (Pepperoni, spinach, green olives.), we are currently ordering double pepperoni, double spinach, onions and black olives. Same quality for over 13 years. And no I have not received any compensation for this review - just wanted to submit an honest review.
An OK kinda joint. Was empty when i walked in. Humm... Not necessary a good sign. Alright, screw it i'll do it, its just hair, it'll grow back right? So, i hop in a chair right away and some dude starts hacking away, mostly using a buzzer. Bzzzrr, bzzzrrrr. 20 or so min later i am done. Military style, huh? Not exactly my cup o tea, but what could i expect when i asked for a short haircut?
If you are looking for true Italian food in the Chandler/Tempe area this is the place.  Family Owned and operated by a true Italian New York Family!  You walk in and are pleasantly surprised by the beautiful decor and the mom and pop rapport.  The service was good and friendly.  We started with a Caesar salad that was extremely tasty.  My husband had the linguine with red clam sauce that was delicious (huge chunks of garlic and clams visible).  I had the baked ziti that was no joke about 2 lbs of food and excellent.  My picky little daughter loved it too!  We ended with the cannoli dessert that topped off the already yummy meal!  The prices are very reasonable especially for an Italian restaurant.  With the coupons and incredible take out discounts this is a total hit!!!
After eating at this place for many years I was disappointed at the higher prices after the remodel. I liked the old place more and wasn't too thrilled with the change of market they want. Sorry guys but $23 for a pasta dish puts you on par with some of the pricier Italian places. Rigatonys down the road is just as good for half the price.
OK, so it is drab - that it is.  But I the wait staff on my visit was the dumbest most clueless idiot I have ever seen - no exaggeration.\n\nThe drink oder was taken 3 times and the waitress got it wrong three times (it was only a two drink order) after requesting 3 times as to what happened with our wings, we finally got chicken strips and fries - after 50 minutes.\n\nRun away -
I got food poisoning after eating at this location, I almost went to the hospital after about 12hrs of vomiting and diarrhea. I will NEVER eat Arby's again
For the price, you definitely get what you pay for at Barro's.  The pizza isn't amazing, but it's filling and decent enough for a lunch-on-the-go.\n\nTheir lunch buffet special is really affordable, though, so they usually fill up fast around noon on weekdays.  If you go, expect to wait in a line for a few minutes.
what a messy place! If you want to look a good bargain you have to look carefully because everything is chaos! Even Big Lots has more order. Not worth my time.
DO NOT GO HERE!  Watch out - they will ruin your clothes and then give you the biggest, most expert run around you can ever imagine if you try to get them to replace them.  The owner is a blatant lier and she will rip you off.
My review is based on the service.  I have always received great service from this location and have nothing to complain about. However, Taco Bell's quality of food is another story. If you have the extra couple bucks, get a real taco or burrito from Chipotle or Los Taquitos nearby. However, if you like cheap and tasteless food then this place is perfect for you. I only gave them a better rating because they have fast and quick service. The food quality is out of their control but I wouldn't give a business five stars solely on service.
We got the 14 minutes or it's free deal, and boy, do they make sure the food gets to you in under 14 minutes, even if it means the hamburger is bloody & the salad looks like it's been sitting in the back of the fridge for 2 weeks. They didn't charge us for our food, thank goodness, but I won't go back there to that location or ask for that deal again.
The mainstay driving my 2-star rating is the fact that they had NO water in any of their vending machines or at the food counter. In Arizona, you must, must serve water. They had old brewed tea and Power aid drinks, but fundamentally, I can't believe they didn't have water.\n\nBatting Cages- Good\nGolf Driving Range- Good\nBumper Boats- Water was not clean and looked gross\nMini-golf- Okay\nGo Carts- Seats were really torn up and a lot of the cars didn't work\n\nThis place is operating on a thread. Minimal staff and they drained every fountain in the park to save on money. I can't totally blame them for that.
This review is for the miniature golf only.\n\nIf you are in Tempe you don't have many options for miniature golf nearby. It's either Fiddlesticks or Golfland Sunsplash. If you are trying to figure out where to go, go to Golfland. They at least have interactive courses, some variation, and working \"streams\" for about the same price. At Fiddlesticks the courses are very plain and repetitive. They might be good for practice but are not a lot of fun. Also Google maps may send you the wrong way finding Fiddlesticks. It's on Elliot in Tempe between Priest and Hardy not Chandler by Alma School.
Worse place ever! Old bad equipment, no one working and they sell rides by time and no one working to assist....huge waste of money and when we complained they could not even locate a manager! WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY!!!!!!
I can't say enough nice things about Autoplex Autoservice. After figuring out that we may have bought a lemon from a used car dealer, we took our car here to get it checked out. Unfortunately our worst fears turned out to be true, but Lou and Mike have gone above and beyond with their service and advice, even though it turns out to be uneconomical to get repairs done. I will definitely be using them in the future when we get a new car. \nIf you want honest, friendly and excellent service, look no further.
It's a chain, so I know the food is decent. I'm mostly turned off by the fact that I couldn't come here to watch a baseball game. No sports package at a popular burger place? I'll be going elsewhere for dinner.
Disgusted by server who goes by the name of \"Mike\" and how he served my children!!!!!!!!
Consistently mediocre food. One day you might get wings drowning in sauce, and the next day get scarcely any. Other than that, you pretty much know what to expect here. The food is just OK, the prices are just OK, service mostly just OK - unless you get Jared and then service is 5 star. My biggest gripes - it's always WAY too loud in the bar (loud music makes people have to shout across the table) and they charge 50c for blue cheese when they have a wing special. Really???
Service was excellent by Jessica & Emily in the bar! Very disappointed that they don't offer anything for our Veteran's, being that it is Memorial Day weekend.. Take care of our Veteran's and I'll give  but only one star for now!!!
This place is nasty. A have friends who recently contracted food poison from their bone in wings. Someone in that kitchen isn't cooking food right. I'll never go back. Drive to a different location.
I have been practicing yoga for years and have had the opportunity to be in class with some wonderful teachers in a few different cities. I am now \"full-time RV-ing\" & many times have to practice yoga with a cd or iPhone ap or just put together a practice of my own.  I prefer this type of home practice over a studio or teacher that does not inspire me. But when I am lucky enough to happen on a beautiful space & inspiring teacher I really appreciate it. \n\nSuch a place is Gilbert Yoga! I practiced this morning with Heather who I believe was subbing for someone else & boy was I lucky!!  And because we will be in town for 6 more weeks I purchased a 10 class pass & look forward to returning. \n\nI have returned twice since the my draft above & had the opportunity to practice with Cassandra, who was also a wonderful teacher - thoughtful, peaceful & full of happiness.\n\nNamaste
The Pizza and Wings are good by the Buffalo native's sense of flavor and quality. The service is just \"OK\" and nothing to write home about. The other menu items are a mixed bag depending on what you order. I've been here 4 times so it is good enough to keep me coming back, but definitely not as good as it could be with better placeware, real napkins, better service and maybe a more customer engaging attitude.
Loved the stadium recliner seats - this is a super KID-friendly area and the theatre was packed with the wee ones. Good if you're in the parent zone, but if you're not....
Bryant Pest Control is the Best.  They are affordable, and truly take care of their customers.  when they arrive at our home they are always professional and very courteous.  We appreciate the Excellent customer service they supply and well as their flexibility when it comes to scheduling.\nthank you for the continued excellent service.
We have been using Bryant Pest Control for a couple of years.  They are always on time, neat and professional. The phone person who calls the day before they spray is always in an upbeat mode and a pleasure to talk to.  Like most people, we are not fond of bugs.  Accordingly we have Bryant Pest Control out once a month, year round.  Never an issue and rarely do we see any bugs.  If you are not having them spray every 30 days, you might wish to consider that program.  To us it is money well spent.
I love Petco, it's been my go-to place for all my pet's needs (and I have a few), and I've always found what I needed here at reasonable prices...until recently.\n\nThey have really started marking their prices up considerably and I'm not sure why. Not a dollar or two, but over four and five dollars on things that you can get at Target at the lower price. Bad news. (This applies to treats - not to specialty foods)\n\nThe good news is that this place has a good selection, they are never out of anything I need and the people are really great. It's a pleasant place to shop. \n\nJust please adjust your prices to match with the big box stores, overpricing things you can get elsewhere for cheaper just seems like a bad idea (and I will gladly make an extra stop to save $5).  Even the rewards program here doesn't help with that!
I had a great pedicure and it was only $20! My tech took a really long time making my nails look great, so I felt like I got my money's worth.  Only complaint is that they could use some new chairs.
First and only time I'll ever go to this location. The guy at the window was straight up tweaking! I'm talking legit meth head, paranoid schizo status, scratching left and right and extremely jittery. I'm surprised he even managed to get my drinks out the window into my hand without spilling them! Yikes... \n\n\nSay no to meth and Burger King for that matter, kids.
Not a huge fan of this place, although the barber did give me a proper fade. I would have to say its over priced for mens cuts and way to long of a wait.... its not a super cuts and its not a high class salon either so in my eyes it is very useless
Got my hair cut,  styled &  colored.  Was ok but wasn't wowed or anything.  Stylist didn't seem like she wanted to color my hair how I wanted it so had to do it something else.  Came out ok but not totally I  love with it..... Then she had to dye my hair twice because first time it didn't come out right.  Service is great just didn't love my hair how it came out &  definitely over priced.
Tired of going through the drive thru, ordering what I do and getting something totally different by the time I get home. Has happened more then three times in the last 6 months. I don't get as to how hard it is to get an order right.  I have spoken to the manager and called and they just don't seem to care. They fill like you are trying to get a free meal out of them. And you know what? They should give me a free meal for always screwing up my order.. Frustrated! YES I AM darn it.
They got great service but they have slow wifi download rate......down is 1.10 mps and up is 0.60 mps .... That sucks... Lol
At nails of the world they actually care about u as a person. They do great work & my polish never peals. They are Always friendly. I've been going there for a couple years now & I would recommend nails of the world to anyone of my friends & family.
It's a Target. You know the drill. Clean, well stocked, good prices. I'm a regular.
Been going there for years.  Sadly, after the manager left, this place has gone down hill very rapidly.  It is too bad cause this drycleaner use to operate pretty smoothly.  I can't possibly recommend them to anyone if they can't keep good help around there. So long...
went here for lunch with my boyfriend. we came on a friday so they had specials going on. its a really big place. they have peanuts on the table which is awesome and bad cause they are addicting! lol. we both got beer. i ordered a blue moon and like it should, came with and orange slice! my boyfriend got a hamburger and i got tacos. they were really good! i would definitely go back to this place!
This place is like any other in the Gilbert area. Not a good bar, not a good restaurant, but a mediocre place trying to be both. It has very few dinner specials and a poor beer selection. I considered leaving after I looked at the menu. But I was starving and they had peanuts. The food was OK, the service was nice and pretty quick but the place was empty. I won't be returning here.
My hubby and I took the kids there and sat outside during happy hour. The service was great, they had decent HH specials on both drinks and food. The kids had fun with the peanuts. We were the only ones outside and our server did a great job of remembering we were out there. I think it would have been pretty pricey to have a full dinner there, but the HH specials made it affordable with 3 kids.
All PPP have the same layout.  This one I have to say is cleaner than the others.  Kids are everywhere!!!  The pizza was not bad.  The wings are not too bad either.  They did an excellent job on my friend kid's birthday.  The person dedicated to the party she got every detail down and timed it just right.  Everyone had a great time.
Always a great place to bring our little one (4 years old) Games are Fun, pizza is always great. Prices haven't changed much over the years. Highly recommend for anytime of day and any occasion.
We love Dr. Quackenbush and all the staff at Timber Falls!  I have four kids going there ranging from age 3 to 11 and each one of them enjoy going.  Dr. Quackenbush is very professional, caring, and honest and when there are issues with my kids' teeth he always goes through each option available and lets me know which one is the best for that child and the situation (not the one that would pay him more money).  One of my younger daughters has had to have several baby root canals done there and still never hesitates to go back because they always take such good care of her there and never make her feel uncomfortable.  I highly recommend Dr. Quackenbush!
Since we're going to be moving right near this place, we checked it out.  It's not like our favorite hangout Dizzy's, but it definitely has a cool vibe.  A bunch of us checked it out on Friday night and the people watching alone is worth it.  \n\nForgot the bartender's name, but she was awesome and took care of us never leaving us dry.  \n\nIt's a small bar on the outside, but great music and a few pool tables on the inside.  Check it out if you get a chance!
Thai tea and a doughnut.  Aside from not being what the diet doctor ordered , the sweet on sweet may not have been the best combination idea I've ever had, but separately, both were good!\n\nPop was out but definitely a mom'n'pop kind of place.  Nice down-homey little doughnut & sandwich & coffee shop.  Very nice lady behind the counter, her young son hanging out unobtrusively nearby.  Worth a stop if you get a hankering for sweet fried delight while you're in the hood on south side of Olive at 47th Ave.
I made an appointment at this location 2 weeks ago. When I show up at the agreed upon time I am informed there isnt an appointment under my name. Instead of apologizing for their error, the representative immediatley states I must have called the  wrong location and proceeds to call a nearby store. Of course, they didnt have anything under my name either, but that is because I didnt schedule the appointment there. You would think at this point an apology would be appropriate but no, I am told they are booked solid and the vehicle might get squeezed in if left all day. After further review a sliver of time is found for 3 hours later. Guess who is the only one inconvenienced, the one that made the good for nothing appointment to begin with. As we all know the key to taking a reservation is holding it, anyone can TAKE a reservation.
Fucking BENTO BOX!!!!  Oh man,  getting diabetes has never been so delicious.  These boxes are massive to the point where you can barely close the thing.  It's as if the food is fighting imprisonment so it can raid your taste buds for all they're worth.  These babies have dumplings, rice, fried pork, teriyaki chicken, and a small salad so you don't feel so bad about it afterwards.   Which you won't. \nNow if you don't want to look like a total slob you can get the Teryiaki Chicken bowl.  (Spicy is my thing but hey, you can puss out if you want)\nOne massive bowl of rice and meat later and nothing seems so bad anymore.  Not even the dead hooker in your trunk can steal anything from this afterglow.
A friend of mine was just talked into joining this gym last week. 18 year old who hadn't experienced the classic \"gym\" sales crap.\nAFTER they accpeted his membership fee and first and last.. THIS GYM IS SHUTTING DOWN in TWO WEEKS!! What a joke! \n\nSo everyone was correct in their previous posts that this place should shut down but they shouldn't have accepted any memberships knowing they were closing in two weeks.
Do you want to die shortly after being slapped in the face with a cover charge that shouldn't be charged and then having your girlfriend gang raped on the dance floor?\n\nIt receives two stars simply because I used to like the place.  Pool, good music, dancing, reasonable drink prices.  But, after a couple of tense situations, witnessing fights on a near weekly basis, and a parking lot shooting....I'll pass these days.\n\nI don't do karaoke so that side of the establishment might be okay.
Happy hour prices pretty good. Spinach artichoke dip and tortilla chips kind of salty. Our server was Olivia who made a pretty good Long Island iced tea but wasn't as attentive as Racquel was the last time we were in. Still overall we love the food here, usually good.
They have the best pizza, we drive 50 miles to get this pizza. There wings are also great and you can't beat there beef on kummelweck it is so good. We have also had there subs and pasta dishes and all is great. So don't hesitate about going to eat here it is so worth it.
Sunday morning before 11am we were there and it was packed to the gills at this IHOP. OMG, the waiting area inside was full, the wait area in between the inside and outside doors were full and the entrance has about 4 people stand around. WOW! We waited about 20 mins for 5 of us. \n\nThe menus were sticky and mine had a smashed paper liner of a straw in it. The table looked clean and the seats were redone. The place got HOT, there was a lot of people. \n\nI got the ham and cheese omelet. It was a little dry. The french toast was pretty good. \n\nAll in all, meh....
Went to eat some pancakes this morning and of course being a Sunday it was very busy. We had to sit outside because they had called our name and we didn't show so longer wait. We sit outside, order drinks and food but it took about 30 minutes to get our food. Our food finally arrives but they forget my husbands food. We thought maybe they're still making it but they forgot because we asked what was taking so long and turns out his food was just sitting there. Very frustrating. Didn't bring us syrup or ranch for my food until very late. Our waiter was very bad charged us wrong and wouldn't let us settle the ticket up at the front desk. Never going there again honestly I'll just stick to Denny's.
I was greeted right away by a very friendly staff.  Even those I was late I got started right away. I appreciated the little extra time Tina and Hyeu took to make sure my nails were meticulous! They run a clean shop and do an excellent job! Thank you Kathy for the humorous chit chat on the side.  I am coming back for certain
Do not come here! This place is packed full of people waiting to have an abortion and it's really gross. They don't take time to explain anything and they will not even let your boyfriend or husband in the ultrasound room if you want him there. You can definitely find help somewhere else where you are not treated like cattle!
This place has really good halal kohbedays.  However they close pretty early and are not even open on Sunday's . There hours are M-S 11-9.
Every once and a while I need a little Grand Dragon in my life!\n\nI stumbled upon this place when I was working on a house in Glendale and needed to fulfill my need for some Chinese food - and then I was hooked. For under $10 I can get general's chicken with brown rice, crab puffs, spring roll, and lo mein. Oh and you want to add a side of sweet and sour chicken to that order for $2.95 - perfect!\nThis food is delicious and affordable. Trust me you will get filled up and have some to take home for lunch the next day! The service is always great and the restaurant itself is comfortable!\n\nAnd I'll have to cut this review short to stuff some more general's chicken in my face!\n\nCheers!
What can I say.... This is hands down one of the best places to eat!  Visit probably once a week and always request the same waiter.  Service is great, food is excellent, prices are perfect!
We are here all the time.  We sometimes blow in late and announce to our waiter that we are really pushed for time.  They just smile and accommodate us.  Our food comes out piping hot, perfect and within an amazingly short time.  Their cheese crisp is the best in town, as is their tortilla soup.  My husband's favorite is the \"E\" (he says, \"E for Excellence.\")  It's a chicken chimi, basically.  They also make a really nice chicken taquito, ... you get four presented in a mini flour taco shell on a bed of lettuce.  Yum!  The service is friendly and I would suggest this restaurant to anyone who loves good Mex Tex.
RUN!!!  This place was not a good experience.   We rented a car from the PHX airport and went to this location to trade it in since the original car was shaking at high speed on the highway.  The Ford Escape they offered us a the location is an embarrassment to the the whole company....it was filthy dirty, smelled like smoke and vomit and was an older model with high mileage.... I thought it was a joke at first........ they also had a bad attitude that we didn't want it........ughhh...we finally got a Chevy Impala, but the building was filthy and this place needs to be torn down .....
That place is very, very dark but the beer mugs are big and cold! lol. The service was good and their BLT was yummy, plus they give you a BIG portion of fries. I was bummed that I was there during the wings and onion rings but didn't get any. Boo!! Maybe next time :)
Wish I could give them zero stars. The other reviews are spot on. They don't want your business. They refuse to honor Subway coupons. The employees act rude and condescending. Their prices are more expensive than other Subways in the area. I'd recommend the Subway at 51st and Olive if you're looking to eat at Subway in this neighborhood. Avoid this one at all costs!
Their green chile burritos are great! Enough for my husband and I to share too. Really love the chips and salsa! Better than many other places!
I think Korina might have mixed this place up with somewhere else - or perhaps has an ex-boyfriend working there... \n\nCommunity Tire is one of the most professional companies I have ever done business with, and they definitely stand behind their work 100%.\n\nI have used two of the Community Tire locations and had nothing but perfect results. Fast, fair, friendly! Plus, they give back a lot to the local community.
I still love this campus BUT I do agree with the angry person that if you want the quintessential party college experience, this campus (and Poly) are not for you.\n\nThis is like a liberal arts college in that most of the classes are less than 30 people, some have up to 100 but it's not large lecture style like Tempe and other universities.\n\nIf you don't care about partying and you live in NW Phoenix then this school is AWESOME!
I do not give 1 star reviews lightly, but this business is beyond unprofessional.  Their business practices seem to change with the mood of the owner, and it is the customers who suffer.
5 corn dogs for 5 bucks.......Tuesday special on Milkshakes for 1.29......Franks made with Chicken instead of Beef or Pork.....Priceless. This establishment is great place to stop after going to an NFL.....NHL...MLB....or Spring Training game because it is near all of those facilities if your head back to the East Side of the Valley. The restaurant is very clean....the staff is nice and the food is very good. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
I love this location because it's right on my way to work... I had a breakfast sandwich here once that I wasn't too fond of  so now I just get the regular bagels - the spinach florentine is my fave. \n\nThe lines can get kind of long here in the morning, but the staff so far has done a good job not making everyone wait too long. Nothing worse than having employees who don't give a rat's ass, so I'm glad it's not the case here. In fact, everyone has been really nice here always saying good morning and smiling...at least every time I've been here.
Terrible pharmacy! Can't say how many times they have messed up my prescriptions. And even when it's been their fault their answer is \"once it leaves the pharmacy nothing can be done\" if they just had an ounce of customer service instead of just being flat out rude I wouldn't mind so much. From here on out ill drive the extra 15min to another just so I don't have to deal with them again.
Mom came in by ambulance on Friday with a fractured femer on the left leg where her prior hip repleacement from 2005 had taken the hit from her fall. The old hip was removed and a new hip with a longer leg shaft was inserted. She has been out of it for several days but Wednesday she finally walked and Thursday she was more herself again. The food has been good for hospital food and the nurses have been wonderful. No one enjoys waiting around the ER or waiting for tests and all of the other things that happen in a hospital. But this is a very nice facility and staff. And believe me with Dad having a stroke and various surgeries and Mom being the $6million woman with this her 6th major surgery I have experienced lots of hospitals!
Unfortunately, my father has had a few emergencies relating to his heart/lungs. Most recently, he stayed at this hospital. I absolutely loved the nurse (forget her name). She was very attentive and caring, even though she obviously had to care for many other patients.\n\nI was disappointed in the doctors, however. My father's ailment was in relation to his diet. In addition, my father has diabetes. In this kind of situation, I would think a nutritionist or dietician would be sent to speak with the patient about what kinds of things would be best for them to eat, especially since poor nutrition choices are a big part of the issue.\n\nOverall, this is a nice, clean hospital with a *mostly* diligent staff who care about the patients.
Having car problems is already bad enough. Labor was expensive but expected for a franchise. Customer service on the other hand was awful.
I have gotten take-out from here about once a month for the past three years. I normally get the chk broccoli and my husband gets the kung pow chk or the happy family delight. It is not the greatest Chinese food in the world but I like it and they give you a good portion size for the price. Try it out... if you don't like it you only wasted about $7.
Not bad, a little oily. Not sure that I like it. Might have to try it again.
This has got to be the cleanest, nices, only non-smelling pet supply food store I have ever been to.  We came here today because they had a special event for kids like, petting zoo, fire truck, corn tub for kids to play in, Easter magnet making, & master gardeners to answer questions.  We hung out for about and hour and bought some feed for our chickens at home that we also bought at The Stock Shop.  I highly recommend this spot even if you have to drive a little....remember, pets mart stinks.
I called this business to get an estimate for tile roof repair and no one ever called me back.  Bad business ethic.  They have an answering service, so there is no excuse.  Probably if I would have said that I needed a NEW roof, I would have received a call.  I even gave them the name of the person who referred them to me.
I was jogging in the area and noticed signs, so I went to check it out. The place seems nice enough, but I got the impression the manger Ed and his son seem to run the place and would rather sit all day and collect their pay checks. I would love to know how much money they make sitting around all day hoping no one comes in and bothers them. I think I'll contact the city to see what is up.
Horrible service. Nobody to even help find out if they have more product in the back. I was in there for half an hour before I had to ask if anyone was available to help or if they're all just taking a break. Most employees just sulk around sittin at their posts, not even willing to walk around and put in work. And when they finally did make it around to asking me, the product I was looking for was out of stock. \nTwo things you need to work on. Keeping product in stock and having available associates rather than mindless desk zombies.
It's pretty standard chain. Service leaves A LOT to be desired and you'll definitely find better.\n\nTurnaround is quick though and I don't spend a ton of time in the area so it's a quick go to that's right there.
No wonder great clips is taking their business. They just can't get it right. super cuts has a long ways to go in hiring quality stylists if they want to keep up. I have come out twice feeling something is off and I only come here when the Great clips line is too long\n\nThe hair stylists are always not always smiling, although the manager is friendly.
In searching for more places to eat lunch on the north side of town, we came across Island Teriyaki.  It's an unassuming strip mall joint with a pretty straight forward menu.  Nothing terribly fancy, but it hits the spot every time.  Never seems to be overly crowded, I go with the Oahu rice bowl.  With the buy 6 bowls get 1 free promo I will be frequenting this place more and more, and may try something new along the way.
Love this dive bar! Great service, lots of drink specials, and a very fun atmosphere. My favorite thing to do is play darts but they also have a shuffle board and a pool table.\n\nThis isn't the place to come if you're looking for great food or lots of televisions to watch all the games.
We came in here for dinner and really enjoyed it. I've ordered masala's at other places and they haven't made them as spicy as I like them to be, but here I ordered spicy chicken masala and I received a flavorful hot, SPICY chicken masala. Staff was very friendly and attentive.\nP.S.\nI Love Indian Food! ;-)
I've been coming here off and on over the years since it used to be right next to the theaters. The theaters are long gone and in place there is a church. The actual store is a lot bigger now. Pretty good selection of books. They have a lot of obscure foreign language/English dictionaries which I thought was pretty cool. That's probably just me though. They have a decent sized collection of vinyl for such a small place. A handful of CDs as well but nothing like the selection you would see at Bookman's. They will buy paperbacks, CDs and vinyl. Prices for what they give you seem a bit random though. Whatever the case, it is worth checking out from time to time.
I have been here before and the selection is okay and the people fine. I went in to sell some books today and the old woman behind the front desk was down-right rude. On top of that, she just meandered around as if we all had all the time in the world while she moved books back and forth between shelves. It was definitely a wasted trip for me and one that I will not ever again repeat. Next time I will go back to Bookmans.
Trashy dive bar,.gross skanky waitresses who think they are hot,mediocre food, terrible service, only good thing is cheap drinks during happy hour.Also rude doorman.Not worth it.
The pool looks nicer than it used to. Music still sucks.
Please update your hours on Yelp. We stopped by to get something framed at 5:32pm and you were closed even though it said 6pm on Yelp.
Just came in. Two people in front of me. Waited. Someone else came in. Large man appears from behind counter, moves to help the people who came in after me. I said \"Need a ...\" but the people who came on after me were served first. I have bought Iphone batteries, watch batteries here but my next order will be online.
I've been coming to this place for the last 5 years, the staff is always friendly and this place is really clean. The barbers are very professional and well trained. This isn't one of those gay salon's that will massage your head while giving you a reach around, this is a real mans salon. \n\nIf you just want to get a fucking haircut with no lame gimmicks, then this is the place for you!
an absolute atrocity to all that is good and edible. you will see bundt cake straight from KFC. and what is up with the sushi roll with strawberries in it?!
The food was just okay some of it was better than others. My problem is it looks like he's hiring his family that really don't know anything about the food service business. I seen one waiter bringing some food put it on some else's table first because he couldn't hold all the plates, then he moved it to the other person's table. This is because the seating Is so close together I can hear the people next to me you chew their food not to mention every conversation they're having. He tried to liven up the place by having a live steel drummer playing which would be nice if he wasn't sitting right on top of me also. If you going to have people sit this close together dim the lights put some candles on the table or remove some of the tables and give me some space!!
This place is just OK.  Heavy flavors, etc.  There is pork in the meatballs, which is not mentioned on the menu.\n\nWe have been there twice for happy hour.  It's only worth it because you get appetizers for 1/2 off, drinks/beer are 1/2 off, and house wines are 33% off.  The 1/2-priced appetizers are only available in the bar area.  I wouldn't go there for the full-price menu.
$13.83 for a Tosted mac & cheese No meat.... but they charge like if it had shrimp!   I won't order this again. .. over priced, small portion,  and it's not even the best I ever had.
Thunderbird Pools is definitely better than the big pool companies like Paddock and Shasta.\n\n-Estimate was very straight forward. I told them what I wanted and he gave me an estimate for the work. All the other pool companies kept trying to sell me up and telling me how I needed this and that. \n-Estimate was equal if not cheaper\n-Didn't charge extra for doing simple things like removing the diving board and bolts that was no longer needed after remodel (other pool companies wanted an extra $200 just to do that!)\n-Work was done quickly and on time\n-Had some issues with the pool light but they fixed in a good manner
I LOVE sushi! And I love it even more when it is from Tokyo Lobby.  I eat here at least once a week, budget be damned.  I can't help it. I'm addicted.  I probably need some kind of support group. I'm all about the soft shell crab and the blue fin. I am also a big fan of their bento boxes.  You get a lot for your buck.  And for appetizers, the Heart Attack is great (never in a million years would I have thought I would be paying for a heart attack).  I usually go as they are opening, because once lunch hour hits, an available seat will be impossible. You should really give this place a try, it is a real treat.
This place is great whether you like sushi or not. I am not a fish eater, but my boyfriend is. I always order their chicken teriyaki with vegetable tempura and miso soup. All of it is always excellent. My boyfriend orders the California roll (either regular or tempura coated), the spicy tuna roll, and many others. He says it's very good as well. The service is always great and the atmosphere is nice. It's a small place, maybe 15 tables plus the sushi bar. It's not fancy, but it's a nice weekly dining experience that's affordable and great food. Be advised though, they do close from 3-5pm to prepare for dinner service.
It was okay, but \"Meh, I've experienced better.\" We were a party of 6 on a Thursday night. They made it clear that they close by 9:30pm and that they were ready for us to go. However,the server was pretty friendly and fast.\n\nThe food was just okay. The rolls were very average at best, not tightly rolled. The Catepillar roll had a very sweet eel sauce (more like a maple flavored sauce) and it was hard to eat. We had to remind them that our order was not all complete...perhaps in the rush to get our food out so we could leave by the time they closed, they may have overlooked or order. \n\nI'm confused about how this place got such high reviews, since they didn't even come close in my experience.
The sushi was not at all good. The service was on the poor side. Our one and only visit was not enjoyable.
Nothing special, really.  The prices were great, especially the $5 Sake Bomber special.  But overall, the food was just not sexy at all.
I am new to Arizona, and this is the first Dentist I've been to here. The staff is very friendly, the office is clean and inviting. I had a very pleasant cleaning on my teeth this morning (didn't leave my gums swollen like others). The prices are very reasonable and I will be using them again. Certainly recommended!
Went there for my daughters birthday and she loved it. We finished our meal tipped the cook at our table paid and was outside talking when the waitress came out and complained we didn't tip her enough cause half her tip goes to the cook. Are you kidding me how is that my problem. And when was it ok to follow customers outside and ask for more money. I was so pissed and shocked that I will never go back to that place again.
Whatta bummer this place is!!  I saw it on DDD and it looked like it was going to be the best BBQ the world has ever produced.   Lucky for me I was heading to my grandpas in Tucson so Thee Pitts Again was only about 45 min out of my way (That's nothing when it comes to good BBQ).  Maybe it was because I was there on a Tuesday at about 11AM and I got all the leftovers from say ummm.......Saturday.  Stupid me I asked the waitress what's good to which I received the standard answered of \"Everything\" so that's what I ordered give me 1 of everything.   She returned with a huge plate probably weighing 6 pounds everything looked the same, I couldn't really tell what was what.  I think I had about 1 bite of each item paid my $30 tab and went to Weinerschnitzl for some good food.
I was a bit disappointed with the pulled pork. It seemed to be a tad under-cooked. It had a nice smoke ring but there was a lot of fat in my sandwich.\n\nThe atmosphere is great and the waiter was helpful and friendly. With all the self-promotion about all the BBQ competitions they have won, you think their pulled pork would better than what I could make in my backyard.\n\nMy wife leaned over and said, \"Your BBQ is better than this!\" I guess I'll have to try the ribs or the brisket next time.
Stopped in here for lunch yesterday... and had the pulled pork sandwich with the sole slaw... on an onion roll. Had the baked beans as a side... and of course Sweet Tea! \n\nI loved it. It was so damn good. The meal was about 9 bucks... a little steep in my opinion for a sandwich. The beans were really delicious with little morsels of BBQ beef in it. Unfortunately, I do not get out to this part of town too often, so i do not get to take advantage of all the BBQ goodness Thee Pitts has to offer. \n\nI am glad I get to check off another one of the Dinner, Drivins, and Dives restaurant off my list of must tries!
Saw it on triple D finally got to try it I got the combo platter lots of meat in the dish. The meat was very good except the sliced ham tasted like turkey ham. Beef rib was not good either sides need work got corn on cob very over boiled. Wife got coleslaw said it was very bland. Overall not bad would go back but would get the chopped meat. Also BBQ sauce a little ketcupy.
Eh - not bad...but not anything to write home about.
Hidden little nook, right next to JcPenny (on the south west side). \n\nIf you are anything like me & don't own a needle & thread (it's sad, I know!) then this is a good place to go if you need to have something hemmed or tailored.\nThey also do embroidery, although that can get a bit price if you are wanting an intricate or large design. My daughter had her best friends initials embroidered onto a small bag & it was $15, reasonable I think, & it came out really nice! It does add a little something extra & makes gifts more personal & thoughtful :)  \n\nAn important note, so you won't be caught off guard, this store works on CASH only & requires pre-payment. \n\nDuring the holiday season the turn around time was 1 week, but maybe now that it's over the wait time is less.
Had you asked me to write the review after my first visit I would have given three stars.  Now that we have been back for a second stop, it has dropped to a 2 star experience. \n\nBiggest plus - the chips are hot fresh and the salsas are tasty.\n\nHowever, the entress are just a soupy mess of sauce, beans, rice and whatever you ordered.  It seems they plate the food, then throw it under a broiler or heat lamp to perfectly melt everything into one congealed mess.  Flavor is jsut ok, as the two stars say, \"meh, I've experienced better.\"\n\nStill on the quest for a better upscale Mexican Dinning experience.  Somewhere where they rice and beans are not one big mess covered in sauce and sour cream.  Somewhere where they take the time to plate a nice plate of food.
.......Where are the chopsticks?\n\nA Chinese restaurant is clearly not Chinese when there are no chopsticks on the place setting! Tea was lukewarm upon arrival, tasted unauthentic, with the help of any ambiguous American tea bag. The hot and sour soup had peas...peas! Side of rice was stiff and tasted as if it had been in the cooker all day. Had the stir fry vegetable dish that consisted of broccoli, snow peas and mushrooms overly cooked to mush; where was my bok choy or kai lan or any type of actual authentic Chinese vegetables?!\n\nOne thing I do give them credit for: service was clean, fast, and efficient.\n\nOther than that, your money's better off at Panda Express right down the street. Same quality of food, and at least there you won't have to pay for tip!
Wife and daughter ate here and got food poisoning. They had the shrimp lo mein. Beware!
My favourite Chinese Restaurant. Better than PF or any of that nonsense. I order the Orange Chicken, Chicken Chow Mein or Mu Shu Pork and I love them all! I crave this place and its deliciousness, maybe it's the addictive MSG but for once, I don't even care! \n\nOn my last visit, the owner gave everyone a Chinese Calendar as a holiday gift which was kind! Fair warning, some of the staff are strange but most of them a great! \n\nYou should go there now.
This place drives me nuts!  It's very convenient for me to drop in and I'm mostly satisfied with their food, it's just that they are so slooooow in the drive-thru.  On my last visit I couldn't even order at the menu.  I had to roll up to the window and give my order.  It's not that the menu wasn't working, the gal just wasn't listening or hearing me correctly or something.  I had a question and apparently questions don't fly out at the menu.  When I got to the window and asked \"can you leave a few fries w/o chili on them?\" the look she gave me was complete bewilderment - like nobody had ever asked her a question before.  Frustrating.  I'll go here again because it's on the right side of the freeway, on my way everywhere.
I love this place - I was so happy to finally find a decent restaurant in the West Valley.  Love that its a local business.  Pizza is great and I've heard so many great reviews about the rest of the menu.  Great casual local neighborhood restaurant!  Great customer service and prices too!
Chairs are uncomfortable... The only time they act like they understand  or speak English is when your talking about price & times up for massage.  I liked the cucumber scrub & didn't have to wait long.  Not a bad place to go if in the area but I've been to a lot better.
Great coffee. Free refills just keep your receipt. Hazelnut coffee?! with more hazelnut? I'm in heaven. I also got bottom of the pot coffee and my mouth is tingling from the caffeine. LOL. The bagels here are also worth the price.
= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =\n\nSo sad, so sad...  we've lost yet another Souper Salad!     :-((     There were 16 of them in the Valley a while back & now we're down to THREE!  The problem?  THEY DON'T CHARGE ENOUGH FOR THE BUFFET!!  I certainly hope they'll finally see the light & raise the price a couple dollars at the remaining locations so we'll still have them around to enjoy!     :-O
Okay everyone, I've been doing business with these guys for a little over a year now and have done quite a bit of business with them. So you're probably asking why 4 stars and not 5? Well they don't deserve a 5. \n\nAs you read through the rest of these reviews, there's a person in this store with a little bit of an attitude. The old man and chuck are cool and willing to help, especially when you grow balls and start experimenting with new recipes or need help. \n\nI continue to go back because these 2 guys. I also like small business and the personal touch to that business. I am like some people on here though. I have tinkered with the idea of doing business online as I really don't like the snobbish attitude of the one guy that works there sometimes.\n\nOverall they normally have what you need.\n\nHope this helps.
The cheapest, most tasteless mexican food I've ever had. Very greasy,\nhorrible cheese.
Been in here more times than I can count.  Likely have a stake at this point in one of the boilers...\n\nThere is a rhythm to this place.  Like a hectic Starbucks (do these exist anymore?) or the DMV.  Bottom line is that It takes a few passes to get the swing of it.  Don't roll in all Einsteins-fresh and go \"hey, what about my microwave heated egg patty?!?!?\"\n\nGet to know this little gem and let them get to know you.  It's a dance people, it takes a few turns to get it.  After that, I believe you will experience a excellent value, consistency, and yes - friendly and helpful staff that I look forward to saying \"good morning\" too.  \n\nBTW - one of the few places that will keep me drinking hot coffee in the summer due to their Kona!
Any type of fresh bagel and bagel sandwich you can think of. They are always fresh and use only boars head meats and cheeses. New York style deli that is simply delicious.
This is a great place to sit and have lunch with friends.  It's always busy but the service is fast.  Staff is very friendly, in fact, my daughter of 2 years use to go in with me all the time and they would always acknowledge her.\n\nI never pay over $7 for breakfast or lunch, and the deli meat is excellent quality.  I would definitely recommend it.
Superb bagel just wish they would cut back on the salt. Then I could patronize them more often.
If you're craving for bagels or breakfast, you need to go here and eat every / any bagel you can think of.
I have been using this facility for several years.  The doctor's service has been fine, however the office has continually gotten worse.  When calling the office it is usually a minimum wait of 20 minutes.  Several times I have been disconnected.  I feel they need to get better or more office workers who appreciate a persons time.
I have been going to Sakanas for years now, and can say that I have yet to have anything short of a great experience there! \n\nThe sushi is fantastic, very high quality and fresh! They give you huge pieces of fish for a very affordable price. The rolls ate delicious as well, they always have cool specials that can be seen on their whiteboard behind the sushi bar. The lunch special is fantastic, you can get plenty of rolls for very cheap! \n\nAlso, the service is always awesome. Yoshie, a manager, is always walking around greeting everyone and checking on you during your meal. She seems to know almost all her customers, and makes everyone feel important.\n\nI give them 5 starts for service, food quality, portion size, and prices, Sakanas is the best!!
We went here for lunch while on vacation.  The food was great and the portions were quite large.  3 of us at for $30 plus tip.
I was a loyal Sakana fan for years up until the birth of my sone.  Going out for sushi is not so convenient with a lil one. So after a 3 year hiatus, my husband and I opted for Sakana on date night.  Would it be all that we remembered? Disappointed to say that it wasn't. We sat at the sushi bar and the chefs were not as personable as they were in the past - very little banter or recommendations. The saving grace was the scallop dynamite - the best I have had in the Valley and the oranges for dessert. Gosh how I missed those.  \nI accept that maybe a 3 year break might have built up my expectations.
Pleasantly surprised here to say the least.  My local classmates brought me here since it was near our campus and when I saw sushi in a strip mall in the middle of the Arizona desert, I was skeptical.  But this place was the real deal on the inside and beyond offering standard fare, presented a number of interesting specials that really got my attention.  Lobster and Miso soup, soft-shell crab, spicy tuna handrolls and real, fresh wasabi made this place stand out.  I would go so far as to call it a sushi oasis in the desert!
Had some calamari tempura and a couple sushi rolls. Nothing was bad, but nothing was particularly memorable either. All of the staff was extremely pleasant.
I really like that this place is always busy, but not busy enough for the staff to accommodate you. Every time I've eaten here I've gotten excellent service... and food! \n\nI've mostly tried their pasta dishes and haven't disappointed with any of them so far. If I'm on a (rare) healthy kick I'll order their flank steak salad, which is still awesome. Also love their Italian sodas - Hurricane is my fave. \n\nThis is my new place to go for Italian and a definite must-try!
Best creamy chicken pesto pasta I have had in a while.  Steak and pesto is also an option.  Great atmosphere and lighting.  Fast service and bread is to die for.  A nice Italian eatery in a Safeway shopping center.
It's hard to get pasta wrong. Its also hard to stick out. Babbo does neither. A distinctly average yet affordable dining option located north of the 101 loop. They have lunch specials and decent pizza and wine.
Went early tonight, Wed., to beat the crowd but we beat the main cook. Salad was wilted, main course lacked flavor other than the taste of the scorched vegetables. Our previous visit was just ok but this was our last visit.
Incredibly rude service from Andrea on Sept. 13. Clearly annoyed I was\n\"interrupting her\" to make my purchase. I will not use this location ever again.
Worst store I've ever been to. They never have anything in stock, they refuse to honor discounts, and they have the rudest staff I've ever encountered. Hope this place goes out of business.
Groomingdales is a wonderful local grooming store for your pet. Robin and Sean the owners are genuine people who care about animals and will treat your pet as if it is their own. I love the environment that the animal is not kept in a cage and can have free reign of the shop while they are waiting for their turn at grooming. I also took my Chloe (yorkie) in for daycare yesterday and when I picked her up at the end of the day, she was good and tired from having a fun filled day. Stop in and chat with Robin or Sean and get to know them, you won't regret it. Lastly - their address for their shop has moved, the Yelp administrator hasn't approved the address change - they are now located on 17224 N. 43rd avenue. Less than a mile from their previous location, just right over on 43rd, just North of Bell on the west side.
Wow. If you want to buy something here, be prepared to be assaulted if you don't want add-ons. I can't believe the change of attitude in our salesman when we said we didn't need cables, and did not want their warranty. The \"sales manager\" came over, (who was younger than the salesperson--I'm not buying the \"manager\" thing) and tried to sell us also. We left without buying anything. When they mention Monster Cable, RUN!
Went through the drive-thru today-- got my friends the cod sandwich. Several hours later, one friend had digestive problems. I've gone there before without incident, but i'd double check to make sure the food is cooked enough. Perhaps nuke it for a minute in the microwave at home to be safe.
Don't bother if you care about customer service. One stylist for the entire place resulted in two walkouts in 20 minutes. Amateur hour.
Definitely one of my favorite grocery stores. Tons of vegetarian & vegan options. Lots of whole food based items. Lots of items focused on using healthy ingredients. They make lots of their own brand products, many of which are VERY good and delicious. We love their hummus.\n\nThe only reason I give 4 stars instead of 5 is that I can't always find every single item that I need there, as Trader Joe's is a smaller grocery store than most. This applies to their produce section as well, as I can't find a certain vegetable or other item I'm looking for there occasionally. Wish the store was even bigger and offered even more so that I could do all of my shopping there.
So now that I've been here multiple times, I must say that the rude worker was probably having an off day. Every time I've been in here everyone has been super helpful, it's always clean & everyone is friendly. LOVE TJ's!!
I love the furniture here! We went in looking for a coffee table and a large ottoman.  Pricey but all of the pieces are unique. Place was not busy and sales people did not circle you like road kill. They also didnt say hello, so I took a star. We were able to browse through and didnt have any questions so it didn't bother me that they didnt greet us. Large and small pieces to go in any room. Looked like they had a design center. Didn't find the perfect piece today.
The sushi rolls are kinda thin. I heard a lot of good things about this place. I only found it to be ok. I was not that impressed. I'd go again but it wouldn't be my first choice.
For the price, Hungry Howie's is all right. I like the choice of crust flavors, and the coupon deals are reasonable. The Howie's bread is super salty, but otherwise it's the way I like it--crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. I ordered a pineapple pizza, and there wasn't much cheese. Otherwise, it tasted good. \n\nI would say this is a step above Little Cesar's.
No stars! Walk to the restroom and see the salsa and so called bean dip sitting on the counter with the dirty dishes and other cleaning equipment. I should have left then. Seriously on the cusp of calling the health dept on them.
We love going to this restaurant for lunch or dinner.  The chips, margaritas and food are Deliciouso'
Was a big fan until yesterday. Hot sauce used to be the best, now just tasted like tomato sauce. Food was awful, they're only excuse was that they are training new chefs. Sadly, we will not go back.
After being seated at three different tables we decided to sit at the bar.  We then found out they were out of lager.  How the hell can a brewery be out of lager?  The food was decent, the service was below average, and the crowd was the usual here in Glendale, old white folks.
Eh. \n\nThey're open until 2am.  That's about the only above average thing they have going for them in NW Phoenix.  Probably the weakest Rock Bottom I've visited.  \n\nEverything is average or below average.  The prices are too high for what you get unless you hit happy hour.  With Yard House setting the bar in this genre, this place just looks weak.\n\nFood quality ranks at bar food to me.  Servers don't seem to be paid or managed well.  Upgrades are needed all around.
Huge selection of beers.. Ambiance is also great.. food is awesome....try the chicken nachos...just awesome !
I really like shopping here.  The clearance racks have some great finds at decent prices.  It is the only section I would buy from (well other than the skin care counters) though, cuz prices are steep in my opinion everywhere else in the store.
I would not go to them ever again. We have twin 18 month olds. they missed so many opportunities for candid pictures because they were so concerned with getting the one perfect picture. they also were way behind in appointments which made that window of opportunity with toddlers dwindle quickly because they under-staff and overbook. after an hour we were presented with 6 horrible shots. also their prices are insane. I highly recommend going to Pictureme studios instead. they are better priced and do an amazing job.
service is ok.\nfood is ok...actually really bland and plain. I had the blackened salmon and my parents had the roasted turkey breast.\nchamomile tea is the best.\n\ngood luck.
:( The service was fast. We ordered (2) meals. The Bouillabaisse seafood soup and the Bavette Steak with Brussels sprouts. The french onion soup was excellent. The soup was ok; it would have been nice to see some seafood in it for it was little. The Bavette Steak was awful. There were (5) strips of tough meat and the sprouts were burned; maybe they were trying cajun. Don't know, but it wasn't worth $17.50 :(
Good, small portions. Pricey for simple foods. Nice environment.
Have been to this Boston Market with Friend's on 5 Different Occasion's and everytime we go there. All of our Side Order's are alway's COLD.\n\nCold Mashed Potatoe's, Cold Stuffing, etc, etc. And they serve you very, very Small Piece's of Chicken for the Price that they charge you. \n-$7.50 with Tax.\n\nIt's not worth it.\n\nI have to admit the Food look's very seasoned and moist. \nBut it's ALWAY'S COLD.\n\nAnd they give you.....Small Piece's of Chicken. \n\nSorry Gang, Save Your Money and Go Somewhere Else. \nToo Expensive for Small Piece's of Chicken and COLD FOOD.
Rude & uninformed staff.   Sales girl did not know what an insurance appraisal was.
I had a lunch here not long ago, but it was nothing exciting. It wasn't even the best Old Country Buffet I have visited. The food was very basic and it was hard for me to find things that I really enjoyed. Because of that I decided to eat healthier options that I don't fix on my own, so I suppose that was good in a way. I would say its a good place to go if you are looking for home cooked type foods, but don't want to cook yourself. Just keep in mind that you won't find food that is overly tasty, if at all, here.
The food isn't all that great and the Mac n cheese taste like that cheap powder cheese and the staff act like they where scared to come serve us maybe because of our skin color. The place wasn't very impressive I won't be back. I tried it once that's it.
It usually happens like this: I'm driving, on my way home. I call husband and ask what he wants for dinner. After several minutes of indecisive bantering back and forth, he says \"wings?\" I say \"sure, from where?\" He says \"Brothers?\" I say \"sure, call it in.\" Haven't had the pizza in quite a while, but it was alright. Obviously not fantastic, or I would remember that. And not disgusting, or I would remember that as well. They have a decent menu full of other Italian dishes and sandwiches. Not the best most awesome wings, but it's the closest and on my route home. Staff is friendly and the place is clean!
Place is a joke. Screwed up drive-thru order, food is disgusting, hard, dry. Wont answer phone. Calling MasterCard to do a chargeback.
They have good food. Been eating here since I moved down 10 years ago. I like their toasted subs and the pizza is excellant! My husband likes the wings and bread knots. Happy Hour is also a bonus.\n\n They are Phoenix Suns sponsors and host the Gorillla during the season. My kids loved eating thier gluten free pizza and meeting the famous Suns Gorilla! Very relaxed family friendly atmosphere. Always welocoming you with a smile when you enter.
It has been about 6 years since we dined at streets of New York. This time we ordered a thin and crispy pizza, a Caesar salad and bread knots. From my memory the pizza was better than I remember but not great.   However, the salad was not edible in fact we took it back.  The romain was brown and at least 4 or five days past it's prime.   They took it back without any Question and comped us a piece cheesecake in good faith.  Who ever prepared our meal should be totally embarrassed....        I don't think we will go back..
This place gets a 4.5 Stars!\n\nI played on these fields twice for softball tournaments. One was for the ASA softball Worlds that they hosted and the other was most recently the ASA Hispanic Worlds Tournament. Both experiences have been great. Several well kept softball fields, sand volleyball courts, batting cages and bar/lounge area were one can have accessibility to watch the games. It seems to have ample parking lot, so I don't think parking will be a problem.\n\nI believe there is an entrance fee of $3.00 dollars. At Big League Dreams they charge $3.00 for entrance fee, but they give you a free drink token as well. I don't recall Victory Lane doing that.\n\nOverall great park and environment! A great sports venue!!!
This is a great complex that offers enough shade to keep you from getting too much sun, misters to keep you cool (if wanted to step in the direction of!) A bar/grill that isn't anything great BUT nice having the choice of having a little better selection of food other than game food; hotdog, pretzel, soda, ect..  I like the layout, I LOVE the future plan of a field for the disabled children (so so neat), and I liked the cleanliness of the bathrooms/complex.... MINUS the no clean at all bar area. Everything about being up on the deck/in the bar was very dirty. First off a dead baby bird on the deck (REALLY?! EWW) and the doors/everything you touch having horrible horrible amounts of dirty finger prints/sweat caked on. Yes, I understand it was a busy day for softball but a little touching up throughout the day...... Not hard.
This Domino's is on point. I hate to admit it, but we order from these guys a lot and they are always quick, accurate and friendly. The first time we ordered from here when we first moved to Phoenix wasn't that great because they couldn't confirm our address was a house and we had to call to see where our food was. They eventually delivered it... cold. BUT I don't know if they have a new manager or not. They got there stuff together and I'm completely satisfied with them.
Classic bait and switch. Called for an appointment  for a simple oil change with my own \"High End\" Synthetic oil and K&N filter. Was quoted a certain price. Sent my wife in for appointment and the price jumped dramatically. Again... another case of a \"repair shop\" taking advantage of a woman. Unfortunate because they are a neighborhood service dealer. \nDO NOT send a woman in by herself. In speaking with friends and neighbors, this seems to be a typical action by these people.
Stopped on the way to Payson.\n\nI was hoping for a good traditional down-home breakfast. What I got was denny's quality
Breakfast is all pre-cooked.  Ham boiled.  Ordered bacon well but it comes however it is cooked prior.  No special orders here.  Not that cheap either.  Just fast, that's all!
Only reason they get two stars is because their pies are great. Terrible service and don't have enough people working so it takes half an hour to get anyone to even acknowledge that you are waiting.
Today this cafe suck for customer service.. The wait staff is clueless on the customer experience. The food is okay but there better choices up the road.
The worst fries I've ever had! The best pulled pork Reuben. The banana cream pie needs bananas in it or else it is just a cream pie. The crust was non existent! Overall disappointed dining experience!
Usually really good but today food was horrible.  I order carne asada nachos,  chips were full of oil, beans and carne asada tasted dry/old, hardly had a guacamole and sour cream and cheese didn't melt. Salsa was watered down had no flavor very disappointing.
This place was straight up N.A.S.T.Y. \nI am prior military so I have eaten some not so good meals. I'm not a picky person. I think you can pretty much doctor up food to be edible....that was until today! I took one bite of my tostada and I refused to eat anymore. I literally was grossed out and by the time the staff noticed our table, I wasn't even willing to order something else. I was disappointed.
Love's has everything you could possibly need on a road trip.  Cheap gas, tons of drink choices, a bunch of options for grub!  I knocked down the stars a bit for this particular location because the bathroom was not that clean compared to some spotless Love's bathrooms I have seen in the past.
Every time I go here there is always something wrong with my order always check your food before you leave I guarantee you will always be missing something or something ain't right.
I really don't have much to say about this one, but if you are going to the movie theater that is located in the same center, it is a good place to grab a drink or a bite. I take my niece on our \"girls day out\" movie trips here for lunch and she enjoys it. \n\nI usually have a grilled chicken salad and she always has a pizza, so I can't really say that I have tried what they are famous for.. since I don't eat pork, but the atmosphere is always high energy and the servers are usually pretty good and fast.
Its Chilis and you know what you are getting before you walk thru the door.  I like the chicken enchilada soup and ceasar salad.  I had to wait for my soup because they were making more and when I did get it...well it was so watery that I didnt eat it.  My salald was good.  Sat in the bar and the batender was friendly.
I've been here twice now and I'm not very impressed.  The service is slow and even when there is clearly no one else in the restaurant.  The food wasn't much better, it was ok, but a bit expensive for what you get.
Went there for lunch . . . The food was average, had to ask for parmesan for the pasta, no salad dressing except Italian and just oil and no butter for the bread. The service was mediocre and the drink prices were just plain outrageous, even by PHX in-season standards. The cost of our 2 drinks was as much as our 2 lunch entrees. The atmosphere was that of a typical shopping mall restaurant. My 1st and last trip to this restaurant. It is overpriced and overrated.
I went here on friday night because I was celebrating my graduation with my family. We had to wait like 45 minutes but, it was expected for a friday night. When we got seated, we got seated by a very nice hostess. She was polite and talkative. She seated us in a nice booth. We waited a little while before we were helped by our waitress but when she did help us she gave us what we wanted. She seemed very distracted and like she didn't give us all of her attention but its understandable she was busy so no worries. The food was excellent! better than I expected. I had the Terriyaki sirloin and it was a great! I loved it because it was sweet, and I was still able to taste the meat. I will come back again.
Came here for dinner after not visiting this restaurant for all most over a year and now I know why I haven't . They ran out of ribs so I order the 10oz steak and it taste burnt and it was very tough! I didn't even finish half the steak ! The happy hour specials are great but there dinner entires  are horrible ! Also the men's restroom was a mess trash over flowing with dirty paper towels and the floor was covered in urine ! Probably won't be visiting T.G.I Friday's anytime soon!
The best part of the meal was our server, she was friendly and attentive.  The food was pathetic.  Ordered potato skins and each one had a few crumbs of bacon and a pinch of cheese, about the size of a quarter on each.   My  friend ordered the spinach dip and it was good, but I was still disappointed looking at my potato skins sitting there so lonely and naked...Sat near the window, big mistake, it was so hot!
We loved this place a few years ago, but great food is on the menu but exiting the kitchen. Both of us here and I eat alone.
Went for dinner with my brother and my mom. We are all disappointed. We rather have spend the money at Tagliani down the street. The place had no more than 8 tables of customers. So you expect you would have more attention from your server. NOPE. My brother noticed the portion of the food was extremely smaller, but the prices are the same. Everything was just OK tasting. \n\nI do not think I will be back...due to the service and quantity of food you get.
Took the family out to this Macaroni Grill because we wanted to avoid the crazy wait at the Olive Garden in Surprise.\n\nWas able to get right in and be seated immediately which was nice.  Service was prompt, efficient, and attentive.\n\nThe server apologized upon bringing out my dish, (spaghetti and meatballs) because the kitchen did not put enough meatballs on my dish and she said there would be a slight delay in getting them and that they were comping my meal from the ticket.  Wow!  I was impressed, because I really would not have minded a wait, so it was a nice and professional gesture.\n\nAnyways, overall the food was good, portions were insanely huge and as I write this I have my leftovers to finish for lunch.   Overall, I think this location does a great job and has an interesting menu.  \n\nEnjoy!
I want to start off by saying that for the most part, I really enjoy Macaroni Grill. The problem is not with the Macaroni Grill, but simply with the service at this restaurant. My wife and I went this Macaroni Grill a few weeks ago and had a terrible experience. The waitress wasn't attentive. She kept forgetting about us. We left upset.\nI am a forgiving guy, so my wife and I tried again. We had a different server this time with the same result. The place was virtually empty, so I would expect that they would pay a little closer attention to us. I didn't happen. I had to flag down a waiter to get the check and get out of there. Very Poor Customer Service.
This place is very unorganized.  I will not be back.\n\nWe had to ask twice to get menus.  The pre-meal bread was cold.  Got the beverage near the end of the meal. They were out of the entree that my guest ordered. It took them 15 minutes to realize that and let us make another selection.\n\nThe sauce on the pasta I ordered was disgusting.  It tasted only slightly better than Chef Boyardee. \n\nAvoid this place and go to a better restaurant  ...
Decent food that you'd expect from a local restaurant that specializes in Mexican food. In short nothing to write home about...
It's Cracker Barrel standard. Good food at a reasonable price. They know how to cook eggs TO ORDER (which can be something of a rarity). They don't come out over easy or over medium no matter how you actually order them and the ingredients are good for the price. The place gets busy...especially in the winter and fall, but no problem now. If you want a quality breakfast at a good price, stop on in.
Never again.  The apple french toast (~$12) and the sampler (includes a little of the chicken dumpling, sugar crusted ham, and meatloaf - ~$14) and both were huge disappointments.  The only saving grace, for me, was the cranberry-pomegranate (or something similar) iced tea, which wasn't too sweet (yay!) and very refreshing (~$3).  \n\nOther important info: chain restaurant, country store and rocking chairs were fun, overwhelming menu, cleaning could be improved, and slow service.
I love eating there breakfast here. Country boy is my fav. Love the steak and hash brown casserole. My order was almost perfect except i got wheat bread not white, i don't like wheat but no big deal. Mike my server was great, friendl, and nice
I have been to a few chircoprators over the years but never as good as Dr. Skabo!!!!! He takes his time to evaluate you and makes sures he's covering everything. He even takes his time to answer questions if you have any. He even helps out with nutrition!!! Dr. Skabo is super nice and very well educated in his job and takes great care of his patients. And Cecilia, receptionist/ office manager, she is the nicest person ever and has great customer service skills...she is so personal with every patient and knows them and treat everyone as if they were family (which I happen to love businesses that do this). Office is very clean and everyone there always looks professional. Highly recommend this office to anyone!!!!!!
The staff was friendly and accommodating. I had an arrangement made for my grandma. After I left I looked at the flowers and some of the roses edges were dried/dead. I think the flower arrangement was over priced for what you what you got. :-(
I have been here about 3 times, twice  for the weekend breakfast buffet and once for lunch. The food is similar to Denny's, so nothing special here. Everything here feels dingy and dirty, there was hair in one of the dishes in the buffet. Service is average, but employees are just as dirty looking as the restaurant..will not be coming here anymore.
Very good dive bar that can hold half the town.  Good spot and it is only blocks away which make it my spot to go for a drink.  I did go this Saturday  though and it was super super packed with college age kids and was just not my scene.  I will be back many times just don't think I'll go on the weekends unless I'm in the mood to be around a lot of people.
Its one of the only country bars around on west side of town. Good live bands. Food is average. Some great swing dancers here on Friday and Saturdays. Strange thing is, the other room has hip-hop, so the mix of people is different to say the least. You have to see the Redneck Revolution. They play there often. Oh yea, cash only, they have an ATM inside.
I dare you to find a better burger, chili or steak for the price. I love this place. It has a Grain Belt bar light. Need I say more?
This is the GHETTO! Awful and lazy customer service!! I booked a reservation online and when I came in, I waited half of an hour to be greeted/helped, although there were only two people in line, on a Tuesday. Then the customer service rep told me they were out of cars, even though I had a prior reservation. She also rudely interrupted my friend (who was thankfully there for moral support). She then directed us to her manager, who also did nothing to help the situation. That girl needs to be fired. Not to mention that this branch has a dreary front office with almost no furniture and outdated 90's posters on the wall. Felt uncomfortable all around.
Our waitress was a grouchy bitch, and there was no fresh OJ, but other than that it was OK.  Loved the sign at the register that read \"No Open Carry\" of weapons.  Hahaha!  I was concealing, anyway...
I've eaten at quite a few waffle houses in my day, so I know not to expect much. They're usually pretty good and this one was about the same. BUT I was VERY disappointed at the service at this place. It took almost 5 minutes just for someone to get our drink order(the place was not busy) and the table was still dirty from the previous customers. I saw 2 employees on their cell phones while cooking food. Another employee was actually walking around talking on her cellphone while working. But the one thing that got me, was seeing 3 employees drinking beverages around the food. One server kept her coffee cup on the tray that held the syrup(which was right by our table). Another server had his on the counter near the stove. And another had hers near the coffee machines and I saw them quite frequently drinking from them. I know this isn't the grandest place the eat, but I was expecting a bit more than how I saw the employees behaving...
Jerry with Time Saver is a true professional. Honest, relaiable and has the experience most people only dream about. \n\nYou will not be sorry you called Time Saver for your plumbing needs.
Awesome place all around!
This is my favorite local Mexican place - great chips and pico de gallo along with good fresh food.  At lunch I like the #1 combo- taco, enchilada, rice and beans.  I don't order bean very many places-- these are so good that I will order them as a dip for my chips!  Friends like chimis and tilapia too.
Great food & fun atmosphere!\nIt is one of those low-key place you look for when trying to find something unique. I have had fun everytime I've been there. Plus its a great place to learn a little about the history of Litchfield Park and how far it has come. Its a perfect dinner venue on the 4th of July for the fireworks displays from Goodyear & Litchfield Park.\nmmmmm, ready for lunch right now, right now!!!
